the sudanese military and the janjaweed, mainly consisting of afro-arab abbala tribes from northern rizeigat, sudan, make up one side of the armed conflicts.
jeddah is the main entrance to mecca , islam 's holiest city , which able-bodied muslims must visit at least once in their lifetime .
it is thought that the great dark spot is a hole in the methane cloud layer of neptune .
his next work , saturday , is about a special day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula , the trickster character , quickly ran east while holding the cord that was attached to the ball and pulling on it with all his might .
he died six weeks later on 13 january 888.
they are similar to the coastal people of papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been given the colin mears award with a value of £ 5000 .
after the drummers are dancers , who usually play the sogo  a tiny drum that barely makes any noise  and have more complex — even acrobatic — choreography .
the spacecraft consists of two major parts : the nasa cassini orbiter , named after astronomer giovanni domenico cassini , and the esa huygens probe , named after dutch scientist christiaan huygens .
alessandro  " sandro "  mazzola , born 8 november 1942 , is a former italian football player .
it was thought that the debris from the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham went to wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 , and earned a ba in anthropology when he graduated .
however , the bzö has a slightly different opinion than the freedom party , as it supports a referendum about the lisbon treaty while opposing an eu-withdrawal .
lots of species had gone extinct by the end of the nineteenth century due to european settlement .
in 1987 wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame .
in its pure form , dextromethorphan is a white powder .
getting into tsinghua is very difficult .
nrc is now an independent private foundation .
it is located on the coast of the baltic sea , which includes the city of stralsund .
sports illustrated named him 1982 " sportsman of the year " .
fives is a British sport thought to have the same beginnings as many racquet sports .
for example , king bhumibol was born on monday , so on his birthday thailand will be decorated with yellow .
in 2007 , both names ceased to exist when they were combined into the national museum of scotland .
despite this , tagore copied many different styles , including craftwork from northern new ireland , haida carvings from the west coast of canada  british columbia  , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , john f. kennedy suggested the idea of what eventually became the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she played for president reagan in the great performances at the white house series in 1988 , broadcast on public broadcasting service .
perry saturn and terri defeated eddie guerrero and chyna to win the wwf european championship, with saturn pinning guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
they stayed in the united states until 1927 and then they went back to france .
despina was found in late july , 1989 in the photos taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship was held on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he also wrote two collections of short stories titled the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
the voyager 2 images show ophelia as an elongated object , the major axis pointing towards uranus .
the british chose to remove him and gain the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia , between the south australian border and caiguna , don't follow official western australian time .
small pieces of colorful and iridescent shell have been used to make mosaics and inlays for architectural decoration , which have decorated walls , furniture and boxes .
other cities that are part of the palos verdes peninsula include rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
fearing that drek will ruin the galaxy , clank requests ratchet to help him search for the famous superhero captain qwark , in order to stop drek .
it is not really a louse .
he promotes using a user-centered design process in product creation cycles and also works to get interaction design accepted as a major discipline .
it is possible that the other editors who reported you , and the administrator who blocked you , are part of a conspiracy against someone far away they ' ve never met .
group i assesses the scientific parts of the climate system and climate change .
the islands are part of the hebrides , seperated from the scottish mainland and inner hebrides by the rough waters of the minch , the little minch , and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife had alanna marie orton on july 12 , 2008 .
the minor planet center , a branch of the iau , controls the number-name combinations of formal minor planet designations .
by early on september 30 , wind shear started to rise and the and a weakening process started .
each entry has a datum , a piece of data , which is a duplicate of the datum in some storage .
due to this , both men and women must follow the guidelines when attending a mosque , even if not enforced by the mosque .
mariel of redwall is a fantasy book written by brian jacques and released in 1991 .
ryan prosser  born 10 july , 1988  plays professional rugby union for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
like earlier assessment reports , there are four reports , three from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot , who was named after pierre curie , is a famous biochemist .
this stamp stayed the regular letter stamp for the rest of victoria 's rule , and many were printed .
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts  mma  promotion and the world's first mma league .
giardia lamblia , also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis , is a protozoan parasite that lives and reproduces in the small intestine , resulting in giardiasis .
in addition to this , cameron has often been part of christian-themed productions , like the post-rapture films left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he plays cameron " buck " williams .
this was the area east of the vistula river , which was sometimes referred to as " prussia proper ".
after graduating , he returned to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later was chosen as the artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the christmas story is based on the bible passages from matthew and luke .
weelkes later encountered problems with the chichester cathedral authorities due to his excessive drinking and bad behavior .
so far , the ' celebrity ' episodes featured vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
stephen p. synnott found it on images taken by the voyager 1 space probe on march 5 , 1979 while orbiting around jupiter .
gomaespuma was a spanish radio show , presented by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser .
on 16 june 2009 , the release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website .
anthony mcgill is also part of the jungiery boyband 183 club .
the apostolic tradition , credited to the theologian hippolytus , shows the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the chorus in early christian agape feasts .
in return , rollo pledged loyalty to charles , changed to christianity , and promised to protect the northern part of france from other viking groups .
it comes from voice of america  voa  special english .
disney was given a full-size oscar statuette and seven small ones by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid found by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is an area in the canton of graubünden , switzerland .
it continues as bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .
this causes consumer uncertainty when 220  1,048,576  bytes is mentioned as 1 mb  megabyte  instead of 1 mib .
numerous reports have been made about ethics in scholarship due to the incident .
they are castrated so they can be more docile and gain weight faster .
seventh sons have strong "knacks" , special magical powers , and seventh sons of seventh sons are both very rare and powerful .
benchmarking done by passmark software shows the 2009 version 's 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory usage .
volterra is a city in the tuscany area of italy .
until recently , it was thought that itch and pain were the same sensation , but it was discovered that itch has similarities to pain but also its own distinct features .
the tongue is sticky because of glycoprotein-rich mucous , which makes it easier to move in and out of the snout and helps to trap ants and termites , which stick to it .
the same tram had derailed before on 30 may 2006 at starr gate loop during tests .
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers , outside the stadium .
find the square root of the variance .
volunteers gave food , blankets , water , children 's toys , massages , and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in sarthe department of the pays-de-la-loire region in northwestern france .
without strong land use controls , buildings will be built along a bypass , turning it into an ordinary town road , and it may eventually become as busy as the roads it was meant to replace .
it is also a beginning point for people wanting to discover cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises cause pain but are usually not dangerous .
no one connected with wikipedia can be held responsible for your use of the information from these web pages .
george frideric handel was kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover , who later became george i of great britain .
their eyes are small and have bad vision .
only chitin rivals them in terms of toughness as biological materials .
oregano is essential in greek cuisine .
tickets can be purchased for national rail services , the docklands light railway and with oyster cards .
he made and published these works himself , however his bigger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work .
the historical method is the set of techniques and guidelines used by historians to use primary sources and other evidence to study and write history .
it is thought that the heavy weight of the continental icecap on lake vostok contributes to the high oxygen content .
in 2000 , the population was 89,148 .
aliteracy , sometimes spelled alliteracy , is the state of being able to read but not wanting to .
mifepristone is a pharmaceutical steroid compound .
it will then detach itself and sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
also , studies have indicated that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that they know , trust , and / or care about .
now , landis ' father is a big supporter of his son and considers himself one of floyd 's biggest fans .
after becoming a category 4 hurricane , the outer convection of the storm became ragged .
the equilibrium price for labor is the wage .
certain that the grounds were haunted , they decided to publish their results in a book called "An Adventure", under the names of elizabeth morison and frances lamont in 1911 .
he moved to london , mainly focusing on teaching .
brunstad has some fast food restaurants , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and a grocery store .
he left 11,000 troops to guard the recently conquered region .
in 1438 trevi came under the control of the church as part of the legation of perugia , and afterwards its story became connected to that of the states of the church , and later in 1860 , to the united kingdom of italy .
the depression went inland on the 20th with no convection , and it faded away the following day over brazil , bringing heavy rain and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was a police force in new york from 1952 to 1995 .
the current members of the band are flynn  vocals , guitar  , duce  bass  , phil demmel  guitar  , and dave mcclain  drums  .
countries with a small muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries in the greater middle east to use mosques to encourage civic participation .
their characters are cursing versions of their past pete and dud .
johan was the first bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but left before any studio albums were released .
in 1998 , culver won the election for iowa secretary of state .
mark messier won the hart in 1990 over ray bourque by two votes , the difference being a single first-place vote .
when he goes against the law , shade starts the main plot of the novel , which leads to the destruction of his colony's home , their early migration , and his separation from them .
the female version is a daughter .
in april 1999 , he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer .
before the storm came , the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks .
the form of chess played is speed chess where each player has 12 minutes for the whole match .
the amazon basin is the area in south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two ex-presidents were both charged with mutiny and treason for their part in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
moderate to severe damage was seen up the atlantic coast and inland as far as west virginia .
since the owner is usually unaware , these computers are metaphorically called zombies .
the wave traveled over the atlantic , and formed into a tropical depression off the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .
the associated press stylebook is updated every year .
the four canonical gospels are matthew , mark , luke and john , likely written between ad 65 and 100 .
since the late 19th century, eschelbronn has been famous for its furniture production .
the top half looks like the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
unlike the clouds on earth , neptune's cirrus clouds are composed of frozen methane crystals .
they can not participate until they reach legal adulthood .
stable releases are rare , but there are often subversion snapshots that are stable enough to use .
eventually in 1482, he was sent to florence , the ‘ city of his fate ’ .
during the soviet years , the bolsheviks destroyed two of rostov 's major landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral  1908  and st george cathedral in nakhichevan  1783-1807  .
he passed away on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , spain and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .
this was proven by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953 with the miller-urey experiment .
cogeneration, or combined heat and power (CHP), is using a heat engine or a power station to produce both electricity and useful heat at the same time.
sometimes the male " den master " will let in another male into the den ; the reason for this is unknown .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript and / or css code that can be activated by selecting an option in your wikipedia settings .
here are some helpful links to help you get involved .
he was the prime minister of egypt from 1945 to 1948 .
she was left behind when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland , with various explanations for why this happened .
james i named him a gentleman of the chapel royal , where he was an organist from at least 1615 until his death .
chauvin was ashamed to get his award and initially said that he may not accept it .
later , esperanto speakers started to view the language and the culture that had formed around it as valuable on their own , even if esperanto is never chosen by the united nations or other international organizations .
dry air coming in from the south eroded most of the deep convection by early on september 12 .
calvin baker is a novelist from the u.s.
eva anna paula braun (6 february 1912 – 30 april 1945) was the companion and, for a while, wife of adolf hitler.
each version of the license has its own distinct version number .
most irc servers do not need users to register a account but a user must pick a nickname before being connected .
also that year , he received a mechanics certificate , and became the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
summerslam  2009  is a professional wrestling pay-per-view event made by world wrestling entertainment  wwe  , happening on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles , california .
usually shown as bald , with long whiskers , he is said to be a manifestation of the southern polestar .
a few animals have the ability to change color with their environment , either seasonally  ermine , snowshoe hare  or quickly with chromatophores  the cephalopod family .
val venis kept the wwf intercontinental championship by defeating rikishi in a steel cage match , with him pinning rikishi after tazz hit him with a tv camera .
this looks very much like the unix philosophy of having many programs each doing one thing well and collaborating through universal interfaces .
his mother , larue , was an administrative assistant and singer , and his father , keith brion , was a band director at yale , so he came from a musical family .
the biggest groups of mennonites are in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states , but they can also be found in small communities in at least 51 countries across six continents or in the general population of those countries .
naas is a major " dublin suburb " town , with many people living there and working in dublin .
acanthopholis 's armor was oval plates almost flat into the skin , with spikes sticking out of the neck and shoulder area , and along the spine .
in 1890 , irmo was officially established on christmas eve due to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
on the other hand , bills suggested by the law commission , and bills that join laws together , start in the house of lords .
before he was finally released in 1474 and started getting ready for the reconquest of wallachia , vlad lived in budapest with his new wife .
you can include a five-word phrase as a front-cover text , and a 25-word phrase as a back-cover text , to the modified version's list of cover texts .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is the spongy tissue inside bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering of blue light is more efficient than red light , the same process which gives us blue skies and red sunsets .
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse department in southern france , in the region provence-alpes-côte d ' azur .
macgruber looks for objects to defuse the bomb , but he is then distracted by something related to his personal life and runs out of time .
this was almost finished when messiaen died , and yvonne loriod orchestrated the final movement with help from george benjamin .
shi ' a muslims regard karbala as one of their holiest cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
the pad demanded the resignations of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat , whom the pad claimed were related to thaksin .
however , travelling through remote areas on isolated tracks needs planning and a reliable vehicle such as a four wheel drive .
he was chief architect for the fisher building in 1928 while he was at kahn .
he apologizes and leaves for rehearsal , and he and dr. schön depart .
britpop came from the british independent music world of the early 1990s and was known for its bands inspired by british guitar pop music from the 1960s and 1970s .
these were merged into battalions for xi international brigade .
the sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines , and they run shorter trains .
the capacity of the stadium is 98,772 , making it the biggest in europe and the eleventh biggest in the world .
in december 1967 , she was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of israel .
some articles contain a lot of information and are long while others are shorter and of lower quality .
there are roughly 95 species accepted .
eugowra is said to get its name from the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill ".
terms like " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are common in english .
jurisdiction comes from public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to give resources to best help its native society .
after that , he wrote several other pieces about hiawatha , such as the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is aracaju .
despite this , she was paid less than her male colleagues for almost 10 years .
gumbasia was made in a style vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles .
brandon waise lee was his idol , so mk sun grew up to be a lawyer .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a historic township near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .
donaldson enlisted in the australian army on 18 june 2002 .
prospectors from california , europe and china were mining along the peel river and up the mountain sides .
before the pocket calculator , it was the most used calculation tool in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display , better battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and a thinner size of 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  .
yoghurt is a dairy product made by bacteria fermenting milk .
seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame , more than any other position , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
different views about this topic have been suggested throughout the years  see below  , but all were denied by major christian organizations .
however , it was banned from many record stores nationwide .
the legs are wide near the top , and become thin at the ankle .
in late 2004 , suleman removed howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations because of his frequent talks about his move to sirius satellite radio .
the company opened twice as many canadian outlets as mcdonald's and their system-wide sales surpassed mcdonald's canadian operations by 2002.
captain caleb holt (Kirk Cameron) is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia and strongly follows the firefighter rule "Never leave your partner behind".
he won the presidential election on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the votes .
the plant is known as a living fossil .
in 1990 , she was the only female performer allowed to play in saudi arabia .
he first thought of writing the ballet in 1913 .
the protests were suppressed .
offenbach's operettas , like orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène , were very popular in both france and the english-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles with this symbol from the tang dynasty have been found west of the old city of chang ' an , which is now xian .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux february 13 , 1921 november 11 , 1968 , was a french organist , pianist , composer , and teacher .
most people said the instrument was nearly impossible to control .
santa maria maggiore  st. mary the greater  is the oldest existing church in assisi .
observations with radar suggest that it is mostly iron-nickel .
railway gazette international is a monthly business magazine about the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries around the globe .
in 1988 , he was given the title of companion of honour .
loèche holds the onyx system , a swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small cardboard folder that holds a few matches and has a rough striking surface on the outside.
she was one of the first doctors to oppose cigarette smoking around children , and drug use in pregnant women .
she defiantly promised to never leave the commune , and challenged the judges to sentence her to death .
the oel manga series graystripe's trilogy is a three-volume english-language manga series that follows graystripe between his capture by twolegs in dawn and his return to thunderclan in the sight.
syrians did not just stay in cities ; many of the immigrants who worked as peddlers could interact with americans regularly .
he was also well-known for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden metal furniture .
in her childhood she collapsed her lungs twice , had pneumonia 4-5 times a year , a ruptured appendix , and a tonsillar cyst .
dr. david lindenmeyer from the australian national university has said that the need for nest boxes shows that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater's possum.
the montreal canadiens are a professional hockey team from montreal , quebec , canada .
small value inductors can be made on integrated circuits with the same processes used for transistors .
the name gribble was originally given to the wood-boring species , especially the one first described from norway by rathke in 1799 , limnoria lignorum .
wounds caused by a club are usually called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
afterwards the county 's administration was held in duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has performed a quadruple axel in competition yet.
from the telephone exchange , the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all the military bases on the harbour .
however , there are still rules even for those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying .
it is described as having a pointed face and being the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is judged by how much work it can do compared to the time and resources used .
the volga has some of the largest reservoirs in the world .
the crosier represents the monasteries of the region .
human skin can be from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , assisted yunus with the official formation of the bank with help from the ford foundation .
bremer stated they were going to put saddam on trial , but the details were not figured out yet .
the representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association vote for the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan border afghanistan to the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south , and china to the east .
nupedia was created on march 9 , 2000 , owned by bomis , inc , a web portal business .
key-dependent s-boxes and a difficult key schedule are notable features of the design .
iain grieve , born 19 february , 1987 in jwaneng , botswana , is a rugby union back-rower for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
other towns near pont-bellanger and beaumesnil are also present .
murray gell-mann and george zweig proposed the quark model in 1964 .
the fourth ring was added with golden garlands in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its current location .
west berlin had its own mail system , not linked to west germany 's , and had its own stamps until 1990 .
sandro botticelli painted the primavera around 1482.
sydney is new south wales 's biggest city and capital .
the most common polymer used is epoxy , but other polymers , such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon , can also be used .
the name still exists as a brand for a related digital tv channel , digital radio station , and website , despite the end of the printed magazine .
when he was 4 and a half , he had to take care of himself on the streets of northern italy for the following 4 years , staying in different orphanages and travelling through towns with other homeless kids .
stands were eventually added behind each goal in the 1980s and 1990s as the ground was modernized .
a town may still be called a market town even if it does not hold a market , as long as it has the right to do so .
they built a bastion on the eastern approaches later .
On July 29, Olav Haraldsson was killed in the Battle of Stiklestad in Norway after he lost to his pagan vassals.
others have speculated that tresca was killed by the nkvd as punishment for his criticism of the stalin regime of the soviet union .
this caused montenegro and serbia to become independent countries .
use html and css markup only when it is necessary .
schuschnigg quickly said that reports of riots were false .
addiscombe is a neighborhood in the london borough of croydon , england .
sometimes, another related definition of constituent is someone who lives in the area governed by a politician , especially someone who voted for the politician .
prunk is part of the institute of european history in mainz and a senior fellow at the center for european integration studies in bonn .
stallone made a cameo appearance in the 2003 french movie taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead , the crew created a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the " hovercraft " and filmed the scene while travelling up templin highway north of santa clarita .
the conference papers were published the following year in a bookmicroeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al .
the wario land series is a platforming series which began with wario land : super mario land 3 , a spin-off of the super mario land series .
frédéric chopin 's opus 57 is a lullaby for solo piano .
these attacks may have been in the mind rather than physical .
a historian mentioned that quinine allowed colonists to move to the gold coast , nigeria and other places in west africa .
additionally , spectroscopic studies have found evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which indicate a rocky surface composition .
she was the responsible editor of her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury looks similar to the moon : covered in craters with areas of flat plains , no moons and no atmosphere .
the town is located in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
this is the ideal habitat for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was ruled by turkish and afghan governors from the delhi sultanate until the mughals arrived in 1608 .
the prime minister remains in office as long as they have the support of the lower house .
this scene is important for rowling because it shows harry's bravery , and by bringing back cedric's body , he shows selflessness and compassion .
on june 1 , 1972 , he and two other raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were arrested after a long shootout in frankfurt .
together they created new music manchester , a group dedicated to new music .
it caused extreme damage in the upper florida keys , due to a very strong storm surge of 18 to 20 feet .
it is now the location of meher baba 's samadhi tomb-shrine and also facilities and accommodations for pilgrims .
the main church's collapsed dome has been fully restored .
in 2005 , meissner achieved the second triple axel jump in national competition by an american woman .
salem is a city in massachusetts , usa .
49 pipefish species and 9 seahorse species have been noted .
saint martin is a tropical island in the northeast caribbean , about 300 km  186 miles  from puerto rico .
so , these pdfs can not be shared without changing them if they have images .
in april 1862 , ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger for being part of an armed robbery with frank gardiner .
on october 5 , heavy rain fell in some parts of britain , causing some areas to flood.
version 2009.1 offers a usb installer to create a live usb , where the user can save their configuration and personal data if desired .
according to the parties ' strength in the federal assembly , the seats were divided as : free democratic party  fdp  : 2 members , christian democratic people 's party  cvp  : 2 members , social democratic party  sp  : 2 members , and swiss people 's party  svp  : 1 member .
a fee is the price paid as payment for services , especially the payment to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other professional .
ohio state has twenty-one libraries on their columbus campus .
in other events , iceland and greenland accepted the rule of norway , but scotland defended against a norse invasion and negotiated a favorable peace agreement .
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " , and " universally speaking " .
in april 2000 , minix became free / open source software with a free software licence , but by then , other operating systems were more advanced , so it mainly remained an operating system for students and hobbyists .
the body color changes from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and sometimes , it has dark brown spots , mainly on the limbs .
the britannica was mainly a scottish company , as symbolized by its thistle logo , the floral symbol of scotland .
the area warned about on september 22 was extended southwards as jose strengthened , before being canceled shortly after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune claimed that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders admitted to using mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the beginning of combat .
the latter gave viewers the kind of information that is now provided by intertitles , and can help historians imagine what the movie was like .
this is because assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as collateral to get capital for industrial and commercial growth .
he ran away from sydney cove multiple times before he was shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan went to the police camp and told them to surrender .
before the second game began , the press said the " midget-in-a-cake " performance did not meet veeck's usual promotional level .
in a video promoting the charity equality now joss whedon confirmed that "fray is returning .
a mutant is a fictional character from marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test  formerly scholastic aptitude test and scholastic assessment test is a standardized test for college admissions in the us .
civil unrest in northern italy gave rise to the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by traveling groups of flagellants .
reports say that various factors can increase the chance of paralysis and hallucinations .
he was sentenced to be transported to australia for seven years.
waugh states that charles was "looking for love" when he first met sebastian , and he found "that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and magical garden" , a symbol that affects the work in many ways.
her well-known relationship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also an important factor in her life .
the word "dorsal" relates to parts on an animal that are either near or grow from the back side .
berzelius called proteins " protein " when mulder noticed that all proteins had the same empirical formula and might be one type of very large molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang stayed hidden for 16 months to avoid being caught .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in northwestern france .
the color ranges from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 an extension was added , which curved north from union station , below university avenue and queen 's park , then turned west to end near bloor and st. george streets .
before 1980 , a part of the commonwealth railways central australian line went along the western side of the simpson desert .
it is on an old portage trail which went west to unalakleet .
those with cardiomyopathy are often in danger of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both .
being the biggest sub-region in mesoamerica , it had a wide and diverse landscape , from the mountains in the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google then put the comic on google books and their website and talked about it on its official blog along with a reason for the early release .
anyone can send in a pedigree to the college , which is checked and requires official proofs before being altered .
the book , political economy , was released in 1985 , but had few classroom uses .
he went on tour with the ipo in 1990 for the first-ever soviet union show , with concerts in moscow and leningrad , and toured with the ipo again in 1994 , playing in china and india .
during the napoleonic wars , austrian general mack surrendered his army to napoleon's grand army at ulm , giving napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and causing 10,000 casualties to the losers.
it is the economic centre of northern nigeria , and a place for the making and shipping of groundnuts .
most south indians speak one of the five dravidian tongues — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora got the band many awards and honors.
after a short stand-off , the wwf cavalry changed directions and attacked kane and jericho .
richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman wrote most of the songs .
in the 5th century, the slavs began to move into the area.
from 1900 to 1920 many new structures were built on campus , including buildings for the dental and pharmacy programs , a chemistry building , a natural sciences building , hill auditorium , large hospital and library complexes , and two dormitories .
winchester is located in scott county , illinois , united states .
the name arzashkun seems to be the assyrian version of an armenian name ending in -ka , made from a proper name arzash , which is similar to the name arsene , arsissa , used by the ancients to refer to a part of lake van .
out of 16,421 people in the national casting , she was selected as one of the 15 finalists for the tv show .
its episodes aired on the abc network from its start on september 21 , 1993 until march 1 , 2005 .
the device can then be designed for use in less demanding environments .
first they hired the famous colombian coach francisco maturana , and then julio césar falcioni , but both had little success .
brighton is a city in washington county , iowa .
she also starred in some music videos , such as " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24 1979 , the 750th anniversary of the village , glinde got its town charter .
pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 , and later in mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , although she is now called " mario 's friend " .
the vagina is very elastic and can expand many times its normal size during childbirth .
it is estimated that his real birth date is between 1935 and 1939 .
this measure shows how much of a drug or other inhibitor is needed to stop a biological process or part of it, for example an enzyme, cell, receptor, or microorganism, by half.
although the name implies they are in the bernese oberland area of the canton of bern , parts of the bernese alps are in the nearby cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
there he had a daughter , named mary ann fisher power , with ann  e  power .
edward gorey said in an interview that bawden was one of his favorite artists , but unfortunately few people remembered or knew about her .
the string can vibrate in various ways like a guitar string can make different notes , and each mode looks like a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable also got an academy award nomination for his performance as fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .
