one side of the armed conflicts is composed mainly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group that was mostly recruited from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
jeddah is the main gateway to Mecca , the holiest city in Islam , which is obligatory for able-bodied Muslims to visit at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is thought to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune .
his next work , saturday , is about an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula , the trickster, spun a black cord and, attaching it to the ball, quickly crawled away to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength.
he died six weeks later , on january 888 .
they share similar cultural traits with the coastal people of Papua New Guinea .
since 2000 , the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also received the colin mears award which is worth £ 5000 .
following the drummers are dancers who often play the sogo drum that makes almost no sound and have more elaborate and acrobatic choreography .
the spacecraft includes two main parts : the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe .
alessandro " sandro " mazzola was born on November 8th 1942 .
it was thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham attended wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 and then graduated with a bachelor's degree in anthropology in 1943 .
however , the bzö differs a bit from the freedom party in that it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon treaty , but against an EU withdrawal .
many species went extinct by the end of the nineteenth century as a result of European settlement .
in 1987, wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame.
dextromethorphan is a white powder in its pure form .
getting into tsinghua is very competitive .
today nrc is a private foundation .
it is located at the coast of the baltic sea , near the city of stralsund .
he was also named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated .
five's origins are unknown, but it is thought to be related to many racquet sports .
throughout Thailand, on king bhumibol's birthday, everything will be decorated in the color yellow .
both the names of the two defunct museums became merged into the national museum of scotland in 2007 .
nevertheless , he emulated numerous styles , including craftwork from northern new ireland , haida carvings from the west coast of canada , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate john f. kennedy proposed the idea of the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she performed for president reagan in 1988 during the great performances at the white house series , which aired on the public broadcasting service .
perry saturn (with terri) defeated eddie guerrero (with chyna) to win the wwf european championship 8:10 saturn pinned guerrero after a diving elbow drop .
she remained in the United States until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France .
despina was discovered in late July 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe.
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he also wrote two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
at the Voyager 2 images of ophelia , she appears as an elongated object , with the major axis pointing towards uranus .
the british decided to kill him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia don't follow official western australian time .
shell fragments have been used to create mosaics and inlays in architectural decoration, which have been used to decorate walls, furniture, and boxes.
the other incorporated cities on the palos verdes peninsula include rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
clank asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark in order to stop drek .
it's not actually a true louse .
he is a proponent of using a user-centered design process in product development cycles and is also working to get interaction design recognized as a mainstream discipline .
it is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you , and the administrator who blocked you , are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they've never met in person .
working group i is responsible for assessing scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain is part of the hebrides , which are separated from the scottish mainland and the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on July 12 , 2008 .
minor planet designations are numbered names that are overseen by the minor planet center .
by early on September 30th, wind shear increased dramatically and a weakening trend began.
each entry has a datum which is a copy of the datum in some backing store .
as a result , mosques won't enforce violations unless it's for men only, but women must still follow these guidelines when attending.
mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , published in 1991 .
ryan prosser was born on 10 July 1988 and is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
like previous assessment reports , it comprises of four reports – three from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot is a well-known biochemist .
this stamp continued to be the standard letter stamp for the remainder of victoria 's reign , and a lot of them were printed .
the international fight league was an american MMA promotion that billed itself as the world 's first MMA league .
giardia lamblia is a parasite that causes giardiasis , which is also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis .
aside from this , he has also often worked on Christian-themed productions , such as the post-apocalyptic films Left Behind : The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind : World at War, in which he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
this was the area east of the mouth of the vistula river .
after graduating, he returned to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew and the gospel of luke .
he was later to have trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and outrageous behavior .
so far, the ' celebrity ' episodes have included vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
it was discovered by stephen p. synnott in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5, 1979 while orbiting around jupiter .
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser .
on 16 june 2009 , the official release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website .
he is also a member of another boyband called 183 club .
the apostolic tradition says that early Christians sang hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain at agape feasts .
in return for this, rollo swore fealty to charles and converted to christianity , and undertook to defend the northern region of france against the incursions of other viking groups .
it is a derivative of VOA's special English .
disney received a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , given to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is a district in the canton of graubünden , Switzerland .
it continues as the bohemian republic in the czech republic .
this leads to consumer confusion when 220,000,000 bytes is referenced as 1 megabyte instead of 1 mib .
the incident has been the focus of numerous reports on ethics in scholarship .
they are castrated so the animal will be more docile or may put on weight more quickly .
seventh sons have special magical abilities called "knacks" , and seventh sons of seventh sons are very rare and powerful .
benchmarking conducted by passmark software showed the 2009 version's 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory utilization .
volterra is a town in the tuscany region of Italy .
historically , the sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be completely separate until recently , where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain , but it exhibits notable differences .
the tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous , which helps to catch ants and termites , which also adhere to it .
the same tram had derailed on 30 may 2006 at starr gate loop during earlier trials .
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers , outside the ground .
take the square root of the variance .
volunteers provided food , blankets , water , toys for children , massages , and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france .
if there are no strong land use controls , buildings will be built along a bypass , turning it into an ordinary town road , and the bypass might eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid .
it is also a great starting point for people who want to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises can cause pain but they're not usually dangerous .
none of the people who wrote, contributed, sponsored, administrators, or vandals are responsible for your use of the information on these pages .
he also served as kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover who eventually became george i of great britain .
their eyes are quite small , so their visual acuity is poor .
they are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin .
oregano is a common ingredient in greek cuisine .
tickets can be bought for national rail services , the docklands light railway and on the oyster card .
these works he produced and published himself , with the exception of a few woodcuts that were commissioned .
the historical method is the process of using primary sources and other evidence to research and then write history .
the weight of the continental icecap on top of lake vostok is believed to cause the high oxygen concentration .
as of 2000 , the population was 89,148 people .
alliteracy is the state of being able to read but not being interested in it .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as a pharmaceutical .
after eating, it will dislodge itself and sink back to the riverbed to digest its food.
furthermore , research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that he or she knows , trusts , or cares about .
today , his father has become a staunch supporter of his son and he regards himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans .
the outer convection of the hurricane deteriorated shortly after it attained category 4 status .
the equilibrium price for labor is the wage .
convinced that the grounds were haunted , they decided to write their findings in a book and call it an adventure 1911 , under the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he settled in london and began teaching mainly practical matters .
brunstad has several fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, coffee bar, and its own grocery store.
he left a large detachment of troops to garrison the newly conquered region .
in 1438, trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia, and thenceforth its history merged first with that of the states of the church, then in 1860 with the united kingdom of italy.
the depression moved inland on the 20th and dissipated the next day over brazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was a law enforcement agency in new york city from 1952 to 1995 .
the current lineup of the band includes flynn on vocals, guitar, duce on bass, phil demmel on guitar, and dave mcclain on drums.
advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely to use mosques to promote civic participation .
the characters are similar to their earlier characters pete and dud .
he was also the original bassist for the swedish power metal band hammerfall, but quit before the band ever released a studio album.
in 1998 , culver ran for iowa secretary of state and won .
in 1990 , mark messier received the Hart Trophy by a wide margin , two votes over ray bourque .
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he defies that law , and unintentionally initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home , forcing their premature migration , and his separation from them .
a daughter is the female equivalent of a son .
he was diagnosed with inoperable cancer in April 1999 .
before the arrival of the storm , the national park service closed visitor centers and campsites along the outer banks .
the form of chess played is speed chess which each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game .
the amazon basin is the part of south america that is drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 Gwangju massacre .
extensive damage extended up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .
because the owner is usually unaware , these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies .
the wave moved across the atlantic and formed a tropical depression off the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .
for example , the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated every year .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew, gospel of mark, gospel of luke, and gospel of john, which were probably written between AD 65 and 100. See also the gospel according to the Hebrews.
since the end of the 19th century, eschelbronn is well known for its furniture manufacturing industry .
the upper half of the flag also resembles the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
Neptune's clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane , while clouds on Earth are made up of crystals of ice .
their participation is restricted until they reach the legal age of adulthood .
development stable releases are rare , but there are often snapshots which are stable enough to use .
finally in 1482, the order dispatched him to Florence, the ‘city of his destiny’.
in the Soviet years , the bolsheviks destroyed two of Rostov 's principal landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral in 1908 and st george cathedral in Nakhichevan in 1783-1807 .
he died on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .
this was demonstrated in the miller-urey experiment in 1953 by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey .
cogeneration is the use of a heat engine or a power station to generate both electricity and heat .
on occasion, a second male will be allowed into the den ; the reason for this is unclear .
a wikipedia gadget is a small javascript or css snippet that you can enable in your wikipedia preferences .
here are some useful links to get you started .
he was the prime minister of egypt twice : first from 1945 to 1946 and again from 1946 to 1948 .
she was left behind when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland .
james i appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal in 1615 and he served as an organist until his death .
chauvin was initially embarrassed to receive his award and indicated that he might not accept it .
later , Esperanto speakers began to see the language and culture that had grown around it as a goal in and of itself , even if Esperanto never becomes adopted by the united nations or other international organizations .
the dry air around the southern periphery of the cyclone stripped away most of the deep convection by early on september 12 .
calvin baker is an American novelist .
elizabeth ann stewart born elizabeth ann stewart october 25 1936 died march 8 2002 was an american actress and singer .
each license has a different version number .
most irc servers don't require users to register an account , but a user will have to set a nickname before being connected .
he also received a mechanics certificate in that same year , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
Summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), which will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
he is usually bald with long whiskers , and is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
some animals have chromatic response , changing color in changing environments , such as the ermine , snowshoe hare , or cephalopod family .
val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the wwf intercontinental championship at 14:10 venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit him with a television camera .
this philosophy closely resembles the unix philosophy of having multiple programs that do one thing well and work together over universal interfaces .
he was from a musical family ; his mother was an administrative assistant and singer , and his father was a band director at yale .
the largest populations of mennonites are in canada , the democratic republic of congo and the united states , but they can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the population of those countries .
naas is a major Dublin suburb , with many people living there and working in Dublin .
acanthopholis had armor that consisted of oval plates set horizontally into the skin with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area , along the spine .
origin irmo was founded on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
bills that start in the house of lords are conversely proposed by the law commission .
in the years leading up to his final release in 1474 , when he began preparing for the reconquest of wallachia , vlad spent time with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital .
you can add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text , and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text , to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , Illinois.
bone marrow is the soft tissue located inside bones .
reflection nebulae are blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red  the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets  .
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse department in southern France , in the area known as Provence-Alpes-Côte d 'Azur .
macgruber starts asking for simple objects to disarm the bomb , but he is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life that makes him run out of time .
this was largely completed when messiaen died , and yvonne loriod took on the final movement 's orchestration with help from george benjamin .
Shi'ites Muslims consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca , Medina , Jerusalem and Najaf .
the pad called for the resignation of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat , who it accused of being proxies for thaksin .
travel through very remote areas requires advance planning and a 4 wheel drive vehicle .
while at kahn, he was chief architect for the fisher building in 1928.
he excuses himself and dr. schön leaves .
britpop emerged from the british independent music scene in the early 1990s and was associated with bands with influences from British guitar pop from the 1960s and 1970s .
this was merged into battalions being formed for xi international brigade .
the sheppard line is currently less popular than the other two subway lines , and shorter trains are run .
it has a capacity of 98,772 , making it the largest stadium in europe and the eleventh largest in the world .
in December 1967 , ten boom was honored by the state of israel as one of the righteous among the nations .
some articles are either lengthy or rich in content while others are shorter or of lesser quality .
there are about 95 species accepted as currently exist .
eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning "place where the sand washes down the hill "
terms such as " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are often heard in English .
jurisdiction is based on public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society .
he then followed this with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is aracaju .
despite this , farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade .
gumbasia was created in a style taught by vorkapich called kinesthetic film principles .
the lawyer brandon waise lee became his idol , and mk sun grew up to be a lawyer .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .
donaldson enlisted in the australian army on 18 june 2002 .
prospectors from all over California , Europe , and China were digging along the peel river and up the mountain slopes .
before the advent of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  .
yogurt is a dairy product that is produced by bacterial fermentation of milk .
seventy-five defencemen have been inducted into the hall of fame , more than any other position currently , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries , but all were rejected by mainstream christian bodies .
the album was banned from many record stores nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle .
in late 2004 , suleman got headlines by cutting howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations , because stern was often discussing his upcoming move to sirius satellite radio .
the company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's confirmed their IPO by March 2006, Ottawa Business Journal, 12/1/2005. System-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002.
plot captain caleb holt Kirk Cameron is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia, and he always follows the cardinal rule of all firefighters: "never leave your partner behind."
he was elected president in 2008 with 71.25% of the popular vote .
the plant is a living fossil .
in 1990 , she was the only female performer allowed to perform in saudi arabia .
stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913 .
protests all over the nation were stopped .
operettas by offenbach, such as orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène, were very popular in both france and the english-speaking world in the 1850s and 1860s.
roof tiles that date back to the Tang Dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of Chang'an and modern-day Xi'an .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux was born on february 13, 1921, and died on november 11, 1968.
by most accounts , the instrument was nearly impossible to play .
santa maria maggiore st. mary the greater is the earliest extant church in assisi .
radar observations suggest a fairly pure iron-nickel composition .
railway gazette international is a monthly business journal that covers the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries worldwide .
he was appointed Companion of Honour in 1988
loèche harbours the installations of onyx , which is a Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small cardboard folder that contains a quantity of matches and has a coarse striking surface on the outside .
she was one of the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking and drug use around children and pregnant women .
definitely , she vowed to never renounce the commune and didn't care what the judges decided to do to her .
there is a three volume manga series based on graystripe 's trilogy , which follows him between the time he was taken by twolegs in dawn and when he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
samovar & porter 1994 , p. 84 : Syrians didn't live in urban enclaves ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis .
he was also well-known for his prints , book covers , posters , and furniture made from garden metals .
during her childhood she suffered from collapsed lungs twice and she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year .
dr. david lindenmeyer from australian national university has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable , for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater's possum .
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in montreal , canada .
small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors .
the term gribble was originally used to describe the wood-boring species , especially the first species described from Norway by Rathke in 1799 , Limnoria lignorum .
wounds inflicted with a club are generally known as bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
thereafter, the county government was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has yet managed to do a quadruple axel in a competition .
from the telephone exchange , the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour , including the naval base .
even if someone enters the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying , there are still rules that apply .
it is a small, pointed creature about the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by how much work is accomplished by the computer system compared to how much time and resources are used .
some of the largest reservoirs in the world are located on the volga .
the crosier is a symbol of the monasteries of the region .
human skin colors can go from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , helped yunus with the official incorporation of the bank .
bremer said he planned to put saddam on trial , but didn't mention what kind of trial that would be .
the professional hockey writers ' association selects the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan are all bordering afghanistan to the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south and china is to the east .
nupedia was founded on march 9 , 2000 , as a part of bomis , inc .
the notable features of the design are key-dependent S-boxes and a highly complex key schedule .
he is Iain Grieve , a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership .
other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was proposed by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location .
west berlin had its own postal service , separate from west germany 's , which issued its own stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by the Italian renaissance painter sandro Botticelli, circa 1482.
sydney is new south wales 's largest city and capital .
the polymer is most often epoxy , but other polymers, such as polyester, vinyl ester or nylon, are also sometimes used .
the name of the magazine has been kept alive by a related spin-off digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which have withstood the demise of the printed magazine .
he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern italy at four-and-a-half years old , living in various orphanages and roaming through towns with other homeless children for the next four years .
stands were eventually added behind each goal during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be updated .
a town can be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer has a market , provided the right to do so still exists .
a bastion was built later on the eastern approaches .
on July 29 , events in europe led to the battle of stiklestad in Norway : olav haraldsson was defeated by his pagan vassals and killed in the fight .
others have suggested that tresca was eliminated by the NKVD as retribution for criticism of the Stalinist regime of the Soviet Union .
this led to both montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries .
use html and css markup sparingly if it's necessary .
schuschnigg issued a public statement that reports of riots were false .
Addiscombe is a suburb in the London borough of Croydon England.
depending on the context , constituent can mean either a citizen who resides in the area governed, represented, or otherwise served by a politician; or it can mean any citizen who is registered to vote in that area.
prunk is a member of the institute of european history in mainz and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn .
he also made a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead , they fashioned a trailer with a cantilevered arm and shot the scene while riding up templin highway north of santa clarita .
the conference papers were published the next year in a bookmicroeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al .
the wario land series is a platforming series that started with wario land : super mario land 3 .
frédéric chopin ’s opus 57 is a lullaby for solo piano .
these attacks may have been psychological in origin rather than physical .
a historian has said that " quinine's effectiveness gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa " .
furthermore , spectroscopic studies have shown that there is evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which suggests a rocky surface composition .
she became the authoritative editor of her husband 's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury is similar to the moon in that it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains and has no natural satellites .
the town is located in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
these habitats are ideal for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was ruled by the turkish and afghan governors descending from the delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608 .
the prime minister only lasts as long as they retain the support of the lower house .
for rowling , this scene is important because it shows harry 's bravery by retrieving cedric 's corpse, and he demonstrates selflessness and compassion.
on june 1 , 1972 , he and fellow raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were arrested after a shootout in frankfurt .
together , they formed new music manchester , a group that is dedicated to contemporary music .
the compact and intense hurricane caused a lot of damage in the upper florida keys , as a storm surge of about 18 to 20 feet affected the region .
it is now the site of meher baba 's samadhi tomb-shrine as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims .
the collapsed dome of the main church has been restored.
in 2005 , meissner became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition .
salem is a city in essex county in Massachusetts, United States.
49 species of pipefish and 9 species of seahorse have been spotted
saint martin is an island in the northeast Caribbean Sea , about 300 kilometers east of Puerto Rico .
therefore , these pdfs can not be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images .
in April 1862 , ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger for participating in an armed robbery while he was with frank gardiner .
heavy rain fell throughout parts of britain on october 5 , leading to localized accumulation of flood waters .
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb , so you can save your configuration and personal data if desired .
in relation to the parties ' respective strength in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : free democratic party (fdp) : 2 members , christian democratic people's party (cvp) : 2 members , social democratic party (sp) : 2 members , and swiss people's party (svp) : 1 member .
a fee is the price one pays for services , such as the honorarium paid to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other professional .
Ohio State 's library system includes 21 libraries located on its columbus campus .
in other developments , iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of norway , but Scotland was able to repulse a norse invasion and get a favorable peace settlement .
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in April 2000 , minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence , but by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities , and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists .
the body color can be medium brown, gold-ish, or beige-white; and sometimes, it has dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
the britannica was originally a scottish enterprise , with its thistle logo representing that country
the area covered by the warning issued on september 22 was later extended southwards as jose intensified , before it was cancelled soon after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune claimed that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders had confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the initial stages of combat .
the latter was a way to provide audiences with the sort of information later provided by subtitles, and it can help historians imagine what the film may have been like .
that's because real estate , businesses and other assets in third world underground economies can't be used as collateral to raise money to finance industrial and commercial expansion .
he attempted to escape from Sydney Cove several times before being shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan ordered the police to surrender .
before the second game got underway , the press agreed that the " midget in a cake " appearance hadn't been up to veeck 's usual promotional standards .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now, joss whedon confirmed that " fray is not done, fray is coming back."
a mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States .
civil unrest in northern italy led to the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants .
some reports say that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations .
his sentence was to be transported to australia for seven years .
waugh writes that charles had been " looking for love " when he first met sebastian , finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , which speaks to his work on a number of levels .
her notorious friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also a significant factor in her life .
the term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are located on the side of an animal facing forward or that grow off of that side .
the term " protein " was coined by berzelius after mulder noticed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of large molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang went into hiding for 16 months avoiding capture .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern france .
color can range from orange to pale yellow .
an extension was added in 1963 , curving north from union station and ending at near bloor street , where it turned west to terminate at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line ran along the western side of the simpson desert .
the park is located on an old portage trail that led west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both .
as the largest sub-region in mesoamerica , it spanned a vast and varied landscape , from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google later made the comic available on google books and their site, mentioning it on its official blog along with an explanation for the early release.
anyone can register a pedigree with the college , where they are carefully inspected and require official proofs before they can be changed .
the book , political economy , was published in 1985 but it wasn't until later that it started to be adopted in classrooms .
he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 for their first-ever performance in the soviet union , and then toured with them again in 1994 , performing in China and India .
the Napoleonic Wars : Austrian general Mack surrendered his army to the Grand Army of Napoleon at Ulm , netting Napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and causing 10,000 casualties on the losers .
it is the economic center of northern nigeria and a hub for the production and export of groundnuts .
a majority of south Indians speak one of the five dravidian languages – kannada, malayalam, tamil, telugu and tulu.
meteora was successful and received multiple awards and honors .
after a brief standoff, the wwf cavalry attack Kane and Jericho.
most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and his son robert b. sherman .
in the 5th century, Slavs started to move into the area .
from 1900 to 1920, many new facilities were constructed on campus , including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, hill auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
winchester is a city in scott county , in the United States .
the name arzashkun seems to be the Assyrian form of an Armenian name that ends in -ka , formed from the proper name arzash , which recalls the name Arsene , Arsissa , applied by the ancients to part of Lake Van .
out of 16,421 people who participated in the national casting , she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show .
it aired on the abc network from its debut on september 21, 1993 to march 1, 2005.
the later device can be designed and used in less stringent environments .
gimnasia hired two famed colombian trainers, francisco maturana and julio césar falcioni, but both of them had limited success.
brighton is a city in washington county in the United States .
furthermore , she has appeared in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24 1979 , the 750th anniversary of the village of glinde , it received its town charter .
pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 and later mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , although the character is now called " mario's friend ".
the vagina stretches a lot when it is giving birth .
his real date of birth is unknown , but it is believed to be sometime in the 1930s to 1940s .
this quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance needs to inhibit a given biological process or component by half .
although the name suggests that they are located in the Bernese Oberland region of the Canton of Bern , portions of the Bernese Alps are in the adjacent Cantons of Valais , Lucerne , Obwalden , Fribourg and Vaud .
he had one daughter with his first wife, ann e  power .
during an interview , edward gorey mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists , lamenting the fact that he wasn't as well-known as he should have been .
the string can vibrate in different modes just like a guitar string can, and every mode appears as a different particle: electron, photon, gluon, etc.
gable also received an academy award nomination when he portrayed fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .
