one side of the armed conflicts is composed mostly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a group of militia recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
jeddah is the most important gateway to Mecca , Islam's holiest city , which able-bodied Muslims are required to visit at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is thought to represent a part of the methane cloud deck of Neptune .
his next work is Saturday , which follows an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord and, attaching it to the ball , crawled away quickly to the east , pulling on the cord with all his strength .
he died six weeks later on 13 january 888 .
they are culturally similar to the coastal people of Papua new Guinea .
since 2000 , the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been given the colin mears award to the value of £ 5000 .
following the drummers are dancers , who often play the sogo a small drum that makes almost no sound and tend to have more simple — even pedestrian — choreography .
the spacecraft consists of two main elements : the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe .
he was born 8 November 1942
it was thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
he attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943 , when he graduated with a b in anthropology .
however, the bzö differs slightly from the freedom party , as they are in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon treaty but against an eu-withdrawal .
many species had gone extinct by the end of the nineteenth century , with European settlement .
he was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame in 1987
dextromethorphan is a white powder .
Admission to Tsinghua University is very competitive.
today, NRC is organized as an independent, private foundation.
it is located at the coast of the Baltic Sea , where it surrounds the city of Stralsund .
he was named1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports Illustrated .
fives is a sport believed to originate from the same roots as many racquet sports .
for example, king bhumibol was born on Monday , so throughout Thailand will be decorated with yellow flowers .
both names were later merged into the national museum of Scotland .
however, tagore followed many styles , including work from northern new ireland , haida carvings from the west coast of Canada  , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate john f. kennedy proposed the concept of the peace corps on the steps of the statehouse in Lansing , Michigan .
she performed for president reagan in 1988 's great performances at the white house series , which aired on the public Broadcasting Service .
perry saturn withTerri defeated Eddie Guerrero withChyna to win the wwe european championship at 8:10 on saturn pinned Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
she remained in the United States until 1927 , when she and her husband returned to France .
despina was discovered in late July, 1989 from pictures taken by thevoyager 2 probe.
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 September 1921 at brescia .
he also completed two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious tales and seven strange and ghostly tales .
at the voyager 2 images of the goddess of the sea appears as an elongated object , the major axis pointing towards uranus .
the British decided to take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia , between the south australian border almost to caiguna , do not follow the official western australian time .
in architectural decoration small pieces of colorful and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays , which have been used to decorate objects including walls , furniture and boxes .
the other incorporated cities on the palos verdes peninsula include rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
fearing that drek will destroy the galaxy , clank asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark , in an effort to stop drek .
it is not actually a real bug .
he promotes using a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also promotes popularizing interaction design as a mainstream discipline .
it is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you and the administrator who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone who has never even met you in person .
working group i assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain forms part of the hebrides , separated from the scottish mainland and from the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on july 12 , 2008 .
formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the minor planet center , a branch of the iau .
by early on September 30 , wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began .
each entry has a datum (a number), a nugget of data (a copy of the datum in some backing store), and a time.
as a result , although many mosques will not enforce regulations , both men and women when attending a mosque must adhere to these standards .
she is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , published in 1991 .
he was born on 10 July 1988, and is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership
like the previous assessments , it consists of four reports , three of them from its working groups .
their granddaughter helène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot , who was named after pierre curie , is a noted chemist .
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the rest of victoria 's reign , and vast quantities were printed .
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts MMA promotion billed as the world's first MMA league .
flagellated protozoan parasite giardia lamblia is synonymous with lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonises and reproduces in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
aside from this , bryce has often worked in Christian-themed productions , among them the post-rapture films left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he plays bradley " buck " williams .
this was the area east of the mouth of the vistula River , later sometimes called " prussia proper " .
after graduating, he returned to Yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew , namely - and the gospel of luke , specifically - .
he found himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and behavior .
so far, ' celebrity ' episodes have included Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady, and Lee Ryan.
it was discovered by stephen p.synnott in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5 , 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter .
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show, hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
on 16 June 2009 , the release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website .
he is also a member of another boyband that is part of the183 club .
the apostolic tradition, attributed to the theologian Hippolytus , attests the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early christian services .
in return , Rollo swore fealty to Charles , converted to Christianity , and undertook to defend the northern region of France against the incursions of other Viking groups .
it is a voice of America  VoA special English.
disney received a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , presented to him by 10-year-old actress Shirley Temple .
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft .
it is an administrative district in the canton of graubünden , Switzerland .
it continues as the Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic .
this leads to consumer confusion when 220,000 1,048,576 bytes is referenced as 1,000,000 megabytes instead of 1,000,000 bytes .
the issue has been the subject of many reports in regards to ethics in scholarship .
they are castrated so that the animal may be more tractable or may put on weight more quickly
seventh sons have strong magical abilities and are both extraordinarily rare and powerful .
benchmarking was conducted by passmark software in 2009 to show the 2009 version's 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7MB memory utilization .
volterra is a town in the Tuscany region of Italy .
historically, the feelings of itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of one another until recently , where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain , but displays notable differences .
because of the glycoprotein-rich mucous , the tongue is sticky and helps to move and catch ants and termites .
the same tram had derailed on 30 may 2006 at Starr Gate Loop during previous tests .
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former IPswich town and England managers , outside the ground .
take the square root of the deviation
volunteers provided food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france .
if there are no strong land use controls , buildings are built along a bypass , connecting it with the local streets it was intended to avoid .
it is also a starting point for people wanting to explore cooktown , cape York Peninsula , and the Atherton tableland .
bruises often cause pain but are not typically dangerous .
none of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, vandals, or anyone else connected with wikipedia can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages .
he also served as kapellmeister for george , elector of Hanover who eventually became George I of Great Britain
their eyes are small and their visual acuity is poor .
they are the only biological materials with the strength to resist penetration by chitin
oregano is an essential ingredient in greek cuisine .
tickets can be sold for national rail services, the docklands light railway and on an oyster card .
these works he produced and published himself , while his larger prints were mostly commissioned work
the historical method involves the techniques and guidelines that historians use to use primary sources and other evidence to research and then to write history
the weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .
as of 2000 , the population was 89,148 .
aliteracy is the state of being able to read but not being interested in doing so .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound that is used as a medication .
it will then dissipate and sink back to the river bed in order to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
furthermore, research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that they know, trust, and / or care about .
today, landis ' father has become a supporter of his son and regards himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans .
after becoming category 4, the outer convection of the hurricane became scattered .
the wage is the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor .
convinced that the grounds were haunted, they decided to publish their findings in a book and adventure  1911 , under the aliases of elizabeth morison and frances lamont.
he moved to London , devoted himself chiefly to practical teaching .
brunstad has several fast-food restaurants , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee shop , and its own grocery store .
he left a detachment of 11,000 soldiers to garrison the newly conquered region .
in 1438 , trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia , and thenceforth its history merges with that of the states of the church , then 1860 with the united kingdom of italy .
the depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation without convection , and dissipated the next day over Brazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was an agency that existed from 1952 to 1995 .
the current lineup of the band includes flynn vocals, guitar, duce bass, phil demmel guitar, and dave mcclain drums.
advocacy countries with a minority Muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries in the greater middle east to use mosques as a way to promote religious participation .
the characters are foul-mouthed extensions of their earlier characters Pete and Dud .
he was the original bassist for the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but quit before the band ever released a studio album .
in 1998 , culver was elected to the iowa state legislature
in 1990 , mark messier won the hart by a margin of two votes , the difference being a single first-place vote .
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he disregards that law , and inadvertently initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home , forcing their premature migration , and his separation from them .
she is a daughter
he was diagnosed with inoperable pancreatic cancer in april 1999 .
prior to the storm , the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks .
the form of chess played is speed chess in which each competitor has a total of twelve seconds for the whole game .
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon River and its tributaries .
the two former presidents were later separately charged with conspiring to overthrow the government and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
significant damage extended up the Atlantic Coast and inland to west Virginia .
because the owner is usually unaware , these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies .
the wave traveled across the Atlantic, and organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on september 13 .
for example , the book of the associated press is updated annually .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke and gospel of john , probably written around 65 - 100
since the end of the 19th century eschelbronn is well-known for its furniture manufacturing industry .
the upper half of the building resemble the coat of arms of the former district ofoberarnim .
unlike the clouds on Earth , however, which are composed of frozen crystals of methane , Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of frozen crystals of frozen nitrogen .
their participation is limited until they reach legal adulthood .
development stable releases are rare, but there are usually snapshots which are stable enough to use .
finally in 1482 the order sent him to Florence , the ‘ city of his destiny ’ .
in the soviet years, the Bolsheviks destroyed two of Rostov 's main landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral in 1908 and st george cathedral in 1783-1807 .
he died on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , Spain and was buried in the church of san benito d' alcantara .
this was demonstrated in the miller-urey experiment by stanley L. miller and harold C. urey in 1953 .
chp is the use of a heat engine or a power station to simultaneously generate both electricity and useful heat .
on occasion, the male " den master " will allow a second male into the den ; the reason for this is not clear.
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript snippet that can be enabled by ticking an option in your preferences .
here are some useful links to facilitate your participation .
he served as the prime minister of egypt between 1945 and 1947 and again from 1946 and 1948 .
she was left behind when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland .
he was appointed a gentleman of the chapel royal by James I in 1615 until his death .
he was embarrassed to receive his award and initially indicated that he may not accept it .
later, Esperanto speakers began to see the language and culture that had grown up around it as their own, even if Esperanto never becomes an international language
deep convection wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep clouds by early on september 12 .
he is an American novelist .
she died Eva Braun , Adolf Hitler 's longtime companion and wife for a brief time
each license has a different version number .
most irc servers don't require users to register a name but a user will have to set a nickname before being connected .
that same year he also received a mechanics diploma , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling event produced by world wrestling entertainment wwe , which will take place on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles , california .
usually depicted as having long whiskers , he is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
some animals have a chromatic response , changing color in different environments , either seasonally  ermine , snowshoe hare or more quickly with chromatophores in their integument  the cephalopod family .
val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the wwf intercontinental championship at 14:10 by pinning him after tazz hit him with a TV camera .
this closely resembles the Unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces .
he was born from a musical family ; his mother, Larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale.
the largest populations of mennonites are found in Canada, the Democratic Republic of Congo, the United States, but mennonites can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered among the populace of those countries .
naas is a major suburb town in Dublin, with many people living there and working in Dublin.
his armour consisted of round plates set almost horizontally into the skin , with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area , along the spine .
irmo was chartered on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
in contrast , bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the house of lords .
in the years leading up to his final release in 1474 , when he began preparations for the reconquest of Wallachia , vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital .
you may add a passage of up to 25 words as a front-cover text , and a passage of up to 50 words as a back-cover text , to the end of the list of cover texts in the original version .
he is interred in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is the flexible tissue found in the inside of bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red  this is the same process that gives us sky and red sunsets .
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse département in southern france , in the area of the provence-alpes-côte d'azur .
macgruber starts asking for simple objects to build something to disarm the bomb , but he is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life that makes him run out of time .
this was completed when messiaen died and yvonne Loriod undertook the final movement 's orchestration with the advice of george benjamin.
shi ' a Muslims consider karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca , Medina , Jerusalem and Najaf .
the call for the resignation of the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej and Somchai Wongsawat, whom the pad accused of being proxies for Thaksin.
however, travel through very remote areas, on isolated tracks, requires advance planning and a reliable vehicle - usually a four-wheel drive .
while at Kahn he was the chief architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal and he and dr. schön leave.
britpop emerged from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
this was absorbed into battalions being formed for xi international brigade .
the sheppard line currently has fewer passengers than the other two subway lines , and shorter trains are run .
it has a capacity of 98,772 , making it the largest stadium in europe , and the eleventh largest in the world .
in December, 1967, ten Boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of Israel.
some articles are quite long and rich in information while others are shorter possibly stubs or of lower quality .
about 95 species are currently accepted .
he is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill " .
terms such as " undies " and " movie " for " moving picture " are often-heard words in english .
the jurisdiction derives its substance from public international law , conflict of law ,constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society .
he followed this up with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , Overture to the song of hiawatha and Hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is Aracaju .
despite this , farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade .
gumbasia was created in a style vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles .
brandon waise lee became his idol and mk sun grew up to become a lawyer .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near Cowra in the central west of New South Wales , Australia in Cabonne Shire .
he enlisted in the australian army on 18 June 2002 .
prospectors from California , Europe and China were also digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes .
before the advent of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used tool in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 features a 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches     .
yogurt or yogurt is a dairy product produced by the fermentation of milk .
seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame , more than any other current position , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
alternative views on the topic have been proposed throughout the centuries , but all were rejected by mainstream christian bodies .
the album was banned from many stores nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle .
in late 2004 , suliman cut howard stern 's radio show from four stations , citing stern 's frequent discussions about his upcoming move to Sirius satellite radio .
the company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's " Wendy's confirms tim hortons' ipo by march " , ottawa business journal , december 1, 2005 , and system-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002 .
plot captain caleb Holt Kirk Cameron is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia and he firmly follows the cardinal rule of all firefighters - " never leave your partner behind ".
he won the presidential election with 71.25% of the votes .
the plant is considered a living fossil .
she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia in 1990 .
Strauss first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913 .
protests across the country were quashed .
offenbach 's numerous operas , such as orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène , were very popular in both France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles dating back to the Tang Dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of chang ' an modern-day xian .
january 13 , 1921 - november 11 , 1968 janine marie-madeleine demessieux february 13, 1921 - december 11, 1968
most people report that the instrument is incredibly difficult to play .
santa maria maggiore is the earliest extant church in Assisi .
characteristics radar observations suggest a very pure iron-nickel composition
railway gazette international is a monthly business journal that covers the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries worldwide .
he was appointed an Officer of Honour in 1988 .
loèche has the installations of onyx , the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small cardboard folder  matchcover  enclosing a quantity of matches and having a fine striking surface on the exterior .
she was one of the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women .
definitely , she vowed to never renounce the commune , and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
oel manga series graystripe 's trilogy is a three volume manga series following graystripe , between the time that he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
samovar & porter, 1994, p. 84, syrians did not congregate in urban areas ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis.
he was also known for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture .
during her childhood, she had collapsed lungs twice and had pneumonia 4-5 times a year.
dr. david lindenmeyer at australian national university has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable , for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum .
the montreal canadians are a professional ice hockey team based in montreal , Quebec , Canada .
small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same manufacturing processes that are used to make transistors
the term grumble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species , especially the first species described from norway by Rathke in 1799 ,limnoria lignorum.
injuries inflicted with a club are usually called bludgeoning or blunt-force injuries .
thereafter, the county's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the town in 1596 .
no skater has yet achieved the feat in competition .
from the telephone exchange , the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour .
however, even to those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying , there are still rules that apply .
it is described as pointed in the face and about the size of a rodent .
computer performance is characterized by the amount of useful work done by a computer system over a given period of time compared to the amount of time and resources used .
some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be found along the Volga .
the cross symbolises the monasteries of the region .
human skin colors can vary from very dark brown to very pale pink .
from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , helped yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial , but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been finalized .
representatives from the professional hockey writers ' association vote to select the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
they border afghanistan to the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south and the people's republic of china to the east .
nupedia was founded on march 9 , 2000 , under the ownership of Bramis, Inc., a web portal company .
some notable features of the design include key-dependent s-boxes and a highly complex key schedule .
iain grieve was born on 19 February, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana .
other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was independently proposed by physicists Murray Gell-mann and George Zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location .
west berlin had its own postal administration , separate from west germany 's , which issued its own stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro Botticelli , c . 1482 .
new south wales 's largest city and capital is Sydney .
the polymer is most often a polyamide , but other polymers , such as polyester or vinyl ester , are also sometimes used .
the name survives as a brand for a related spin-off television channel , digital radio station , and website which have still been in operation since the magazine's demise
at four-and-a-half years old he was abandoned on the streets of northern italy for the next four years , living in various orphanages and roaming through towns with groups of other homeless children .
stands were eventually added in between each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground was being modernized .
a town may be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer has a market , provided the right to do so still exists .
later, a bastion was built on the eastern approaches.
events in europe on July 29 – the battle of Stiklestad in Norway .
others have suggested that tresca was eliminated as a punishment for criticism of the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union .
this resulted in both Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries .
use HTML and CSS sparingly and only for good reasons .
shortly after the broadcast of the broadcast, schuschnigg immediately responded that reports of riots were false .
addiscombe is a suburb in the London borough of Croydon , England.
depending on the context , another closely related meaning of constituent is that of someone who resides in the area under the jurisdiction of a politician ; sometimes this is limited to people who elected the politician .
he is a senior fellow at the institute of european history in mainz and a senior fellow at the center for european integration studies inbonn .
he also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead , the crew built a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the " hovercraft " and shot the scene while driving up templin highway north of Santa Clarita .
the papers were published in a book entitled microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al.
wario land : super mario land 3 is a platforming series that started with wario land : super mario land 2 , a spin-off of the super mario land series .
he is the principal composer for the berceuse for solo piano .
these attacks may have been psychological in nature rather than physical .
a historian has said that " quinine 's efficacy gave colonists new opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa " .
furthermore , spectral studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which suggests a stony surface composition .
she became the definitive editor of her husband 's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury is similar in appearance to the moon : it is heavily cratered with regions of rough plains , has no natural satellites and no substantial atmosphere .
the town lies in the limmat valley between baden and Zurich .
these habitats provide excellent areas for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty ,dhaka was successively ruled by the Turkish and Afghani governors descending from the Delhi sultanate before the arrival of the Mughals in 1608 .
the prime minister is in office only as long as he or she has the support of the lower house .
for rowling , this scene is important because it shows harry 's bravery and by retrieving cedric 's corpse , he demonstrates selfless and compassionate behavior .
on June 1 , 1972 , he and fellow raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were apprehended after a long shootout in frankfurt .
together, they formed new music Manchester , a group that was committed to modern music .
the intense hurricane caused damage in the upper florida Keys as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet hit the region .
it is now the site of meher baba 's samadhi shrine - tomb - as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims
the collapsed dome of the main church has been restored in entirety .
in 2005 , meissner became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition .
salem is a city in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States.
forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been found .
saint martin is an island in the northeast Caribbean , approximately 300 kilometers east of Puerto Rico .
because these documents contain images , they cannot be distributed without further alteration if they include images .
in April 1862 , ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger for participating in an armed robbery whilst in the company of frank gardiner .
heavy rain fell across parts of the UK on October 5 , causing localized accumulation of flood waters .
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb , where the user's personal data can be saved if desired .
in approximate relation to the party's strength in the federal assembly, the seats were distributed as follows : free democratic party  fdp  : 2 members , christian democratic people 's party  cvp  : 2 members , social democratic party  sp  : 2 members , and swiss people 's party  svp  : 1 member
a fee is the fee one pays as a salary for services rendered, especially the honorarium paid to a doctor, lawyer, consultant, or other member of a learned profession.
the library system contains twenty-one libraries located on the columbus campus .
in other developments , both iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway , but Scotland was able to repulse a norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement .
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in April 2000 , minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence , but by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities , and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists .
the body color can vary from a medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and occasionally , the skin may be marked with dark brown spots .
the britannica was primarily a hutchinson enterprise , as symbolized by its thistle logo and the floral emblem of scotland .
the area covered by the warning issued on september 22 was extended southwards as jose intensified , before being canceled soon after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune published an article alleging that U.S. marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the early stages of combat .
providing audiences with the sort of information that was later provided by subtitles , the latter can help historians imagine what the film may have been like .
because real estate, businesses, and other assets in the underground economies of developing countries can not be used as collateral to raise money to finance industrial and commercial expansion .
he bolted from Sydney Cove several times before being killed in 1796 .
they advanced to the police camp and ordered them to surrender .
before the game got underway , the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance had not been up to veeck 's usual promotional standard .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now joss whedon confirmed that " fray is not over , fray is coming back .
a mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel .
the sat reasoning test formerly was a standardized test for college admissions in the United States .
civil unrest in northern italy spawned the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songssung by wandering bands of flagellants .
some reports stated that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations .
his sentence was sent to australia for seven years
waugh writes that charles had been searching for love in those days when he first met Sebastian, finding "that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , a metaphor that informs the work on a number of levels .
her notorious friendship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was a significant factor in her life .
the term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are either located on or grow off that side of an animal .
the term " protein " was coined by berzelius , after mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of large molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang waited 16 months before being captured .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern france .
color ranges from yellow to orange .
in 1963 an expansion was added , curving north from union station , below university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street , where it turned west to terminate at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed through the west side of the Simpson desert .
it is located on an old trail that led west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are at risk of arrhythmia or sudden heart death or both .
as the largest sub-region in Mesoamerica , it encompassed a vast and varied landscape , from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google made the comic available on google books and their site and mentioned it on their official blog along with an explanation for the early release .
anyone can register a pedigree with the college , where they are carefully inspected and require official proofs before being changed .
the book was published in 1985 but had limited classroom adoption .
he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 for their first-ever performance in the Soviet Union , with concerts in Moscow and Leningrad , and toured with the ipo again in 1994 , performing in China and India .
the Napoleonic Wars: austrian general Mack surrenders his army to the grand army of napoleon at Ulm , taking him over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers .
it has been the economic center of northern nigeria for centuries and a center for the production and export of groundnuts .
a majority of south Indians speak one of the five regional languages — Kannada , Malayalam , Tamil , Telugu and Tulu .
meteora earned multiple awards and honors .
after a brief skirmish , the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho .
most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .
in the 5th century, Slavs started moving into the area .
from 1900 to 1920 many new buildings were constructed on campus , including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs , a chemistry building , a building for the natural sciences , a large hospital and library complexes , and two residence halls .
he is a city in scott county , illinois , united states .
the name arzashkun seems to be an Assyrian form of an armenian name ending in -ka formed from a proper name arzash , which recalls the name arsene , arsissa , applied by the ancient Greeks to a part of lake van .
out of 16,421 people who took part in the national audition process , she was selected to appear on the tv show .
its episodes were aired on the abc network from its debut on september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
the latter design can be used in more stringent environments .
gymnastics hired the famed Colombian Trainer Francisco Maturana but both men had limited success.
Brighton is a city in western iowa , in the United States .
furthermore, she appeared in a few music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24 1979 , glinde received its town charter .
in 1994 , pauline returned in the Game Boy remake of donkey kong , and later in Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2 : March of the Minis
the vagina is unusually elastic and stretches to many times its normal size during vaginal birth .
his real date of birth was never documented , but it is believed to be a date between 1935 and 1939 .
this quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance is needed to inhibit a given biological process or component of a process , i.e. an enzyme , cell , cell receptor or microorganism by half .
although the name suggests that they are located in the bernese Oberland region of the canton of Bern , portions of the bernese Alps are in the adjacent cantons of Valais , Lucerne , Obwalden , Fribourg and Vaud .
there she had one daughter - later baptized as mary ann fisher power - to ann e power.
during an interview , edward gorey mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists , lamenting the fact that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist .
the string can vibrate in different ways just like a guitar string can produce different notes , and every mode appears as a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc.
he also received an Academy Award nomination when he portrayed Fletcher Christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .
