one side of the armed conflicts is mostly composed of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
jeddah is the main gateway to Mecca, Islam's holiest city, which every able-bodied Muslim is required to visit at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is believed to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of neptune .
his next work , Saturday , follows an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord and , attaching it to the ball , quickly crawled away to the east , pulling on the cord with all his strength .
he died six weeks later , on january 888 .
they share similar cultural roots with the coastal peoples of papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been given the colin mears award , which has a value of £ 5000 .
following the drummers are dancers who often play the sogo , a tiny drum that makes almost no sound , and they tend to have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography .
the spacecraft is made up of two main parts: the nasa cassini orbiter, named after the italian-french astronomer Giovanni Domenico Cassini, and the esa huygens probe, named after the dutch astronomer Christiaan Huygens.
alessandro " sandro " mazzola was born on November 8th, 1942 .
it was thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham attended wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 and then graduated with a bachelor's degree in anthropology .
while the bzö differs a bit from the freedom party , they are in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty , but oppose withdrawing from the EU .
many species had disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century because of European settlement .
wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame in 1987 .
dextromethorphan is a white powder in its pure form .
Admission to Tsinghua is extremely competitive .
today nrc is an independent , private foundation .
it's located on the coast of the baltic sea , where it surrounds the city of stralsund .
he was also named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated .
five's origins are unknown, but it is believed to come from the same roots as many racquet sports .
throughout thailand, on King Bhumibol's birthday, everything will be decorated in yellow .
both the names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of scotland .
nevertheless , he emulated numerous styles , including craftwork from northern new ireland , carvings from the west coast of canada , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate john f. kennedy proposed the idea of what became the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she performed for president reagan in 1988 during the great performances at the white house series , which aired on the public broadcasting service .
perry saturn won the wwf european championship 8:10 with a diving elbow drop on eddie guerrero .
she stayed in the United States until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France .
despina was discovered in late 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he also published two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
at the voyager 2 images ophelia appears as an elongated object , with the major axis pointing towards uranus .
the british decided to eliminate him and take the land by force .
some towns along the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia don't follow official western australian time .
in architectural decoration, small pieces of colorful and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays, which have been used to decorate walls, furniture, and boxes.
the other incorporated cities on the palos verdes peninsula are rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
clank asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark , in the hopes of stopping drek .
it is not actually a true louse .
he advocates using a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also promotes interaction design as a mainstream discipline .
it is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you , and the administrator who blocked you , are in league with each other against someone half a world away they ' ve never met in person .
working group i assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain is part of the hebrides and it is separated from the Scottish mainland and the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on july 12th , 2008 .
minor planet designations are numbered name combinations overseen by the minor planet center .
as early as september 30 , wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began .
each entry has a datum , a nugget of data which is a copy of the datum in some backing store .
as a result , many mosques will not enforce violations , but both men and women must adhere to these guidelines when attending a mosque .
mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , published in 1991 .
ryan prosser was born on 10 July 1988 and is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
like previous assessment reports , it has four reports - three from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot is a well-known biochemist .
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of victoria 's reign , and a vast quantity of them were printed .
the international fight league was an american MMA promotion that billed itself as the world 's first MMA league .
giardia lamblia is a flagellated protozoan parasite that causes giardiasis .
aside from this , he has often worked in Christian-themed productions , including the post-rapture films left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he plays cameron " buck " williams .
this was the area east of the mouth of the vistula river , which later became known as " prussia proper ".
after graduation, he returned to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he became the artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew and the gospel of luke .
weelkes was later to get into trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and disorderly behavior .
so far the ' celebrity ' episodes have included vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
it was discovered by stephen p. synnott while orbiting around jupiter on march 5, 1979 .
gomaespuma was a spanish radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser .
on 16 june 2009 , the release date of the resistance was announced on the band 's website .
he is also a member of another boyband , 183 club .
the apostolic tradition , which is attributed to theologian hippolytus , states that early christian agape feasts should include the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain .
in return for his help , rolo swore fealty to charles and converted to christianity , and took on the responsibility of defending the northern region of france against other viking groups .
it is a derivative of voice of america  voa  special english .
disney received a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , which were presented to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of graubünden .
it remains the Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic .
this leads to consumer confusion when 220,000,000 bytes is referenced as 1 megabyte instead of 1 mib .
the incident has been the subject of numerous reports about ethics in scholarship .
they are castrated so the animal will be more docile or will put on more weight more quickly .
seventh sons have special "knacks" that give them magical abilities , and seventh sons of seventh sons are both very rare and powerful .
benchmarking showed the 2009 version to have a 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory utilization .
volterra is a town in the tuscany region of Italy .
historically , the sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be completely separate until recently , where it was found that itch shares several features with pain but has notable differences.
the tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous , which helps it to move in and out of the snout and also catches ants and termites , which adhere to it .
the same tram had derailed on 30 may 2006 at starr gate loop during previous trials .
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers , outside the stadium .
take the square root of the variance .
volunteers gave food , blankets , water , toys for children , massages , and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france .
if there are no strong land use controls , buildings are built along the bypass , which turns it into an ordinary town road , and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid .
it is a starting point for people wanting to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises can cause pain but they're not usually dangerous .
none of the authors , contributors , sponsors , administrators , or anyone else connected with wikipedia can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these pages .
he also served as kapellmeister for george, elector of hanover, who eventually became george i of great britain.
their eyes are quite small , and their vision is poor .
they are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin .
oregano is a common ingredient in greek cuisine .
tickets can be sold for national rail services , the docklands light railway and on the oyster card .
these works he produced and published himself , while his larger woodcuts were usually commissioned work .
the historical method is the process by which historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and then write history .
the weight of the continental icecap is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .
as of 2000 , the population was 89,148 people.
aliteracy is the state of being able to read but not being interested in doing so .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as a pharmaceutical .
it will then dislodge itself and sink back to the river bed in order to digest its food and wait for its next chance to eat .
furthermore , research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it is committed by someone they know , trust , and care about .
today , landis ' father is a staunch supporter of his son and regards himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans .
shortly after reaching category 4 status , the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged .
the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage .
convinced that the grounds were haunted , they decided to publish their findings in a book called " an adventure 1911 " under the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he settled in london and taught mainly practical matters .
brunstad has several fast food restaurants , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and its own grocery store .
he left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region .
in 1438 trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia , and thenceforth its history is intertwined with that of the states of the church and then in 1860 it became part of the united kingdom of italy .
the depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation without convection , and dissipated the next day over brazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was a law enforcement agency in new york city from 1952 to 1995 .
the band currently consists of flynn on vocals , dave mcclain on drums , phil demmel on bass , and flynn duce on guitar .
advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation .
the characters are foul-mouthed extensions of their earlier characters pete and dud .
he was also the original bassist for the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but quit before the band ever released a studio album .
in 1998 , culver ran for secretary of state in iowa and won .
in 1990 , mark messier took the Hart over ray bourque by a margin of two votes . The difference being a single first-place vote .
the main plot of the novel is set in motion when shade defies a law and unintentionally initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home , forcing their premature migration and his separation from them .
the female equivalent is a daughter .
he was diagnosed with inoperable cancer in april 1999 .
before the arrival of the storm , the national park service closed visitor centers and campsites along the Outer Banks .
speed chess is the form of chess played where each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game .
the amazon basin is the part of south america that drains by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
significant damage extended up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .
because the owner is often unaware , these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies .
the wave moved across the atlantic ocean , and organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .
for example , the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated annually .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew, gospel of mark, gospel of luke, and gospel of john, which were likely written between ad 65-100. See also the gospel according to the hebrews.
since the end of the 19th century, eschelbronn has been well known for its furniture manufacturing industry.
the upper half of the flag also resembles the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
unlike the clouds on earth , which are made of crystals of ice , neptune 's cirrus clouds are composed of crystals of frozen methane .
their participation is limited until they reach the legal age of adulthood .
development snapshots are rare , but there are often stable releases called "stable releases" .
finally in 1482, the order dispatched him to Florence, the ‘city of his destiny’ .
in the soviet years , the bolsheviks destroyed two of rostov 's landmarks- st alexander nevsky cathedral in 1908 and st george cathedral in nakhichevan in 1783-1807 .
he died on may 29, 1518 in madrid, spain and was buried in the church of san benito d'alcantara.
this was demonstrated in the miller-urey experiment by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953 .
cogeneration combines heat and power generation , chp is the use of a heat engine or power station to generate both electricity and useful heat .
on occasion the den master will also allow a second male into the den ; the reason for this is unknown .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript or css snippet that you can enable by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences.
below are some links that will help you get involved .
he served as the prime minister of egypt twice : first from 1945 to 1946, and then again from 1946 to 1948 .
she was left behind , with explanations for this varying when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland .
james i appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal in 1615 , where he served as an organist until his death in 1688 .
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially said that he may not accept it .
later , those who spoke esperanto started to see the language and the culture that had developed around it as an end in itself , even if esperanto never becomes an official language of the UN or any other international organization .
the dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on september 12 .
he is an american novelist .
eva anna paula braun , who died eva anna paula hitler on february 6, 1912 – april 30, 1945 was the longtime companion and, for a brief time, wife of adolf hitler .
each license has a different version number .
most irc servers do not require users to register an account , but a user will need to set a nickname before being connected .
that same year, he also received a mechanics certificate , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
Summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment, which will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
he is usually bald with long whiskers and is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
some animals have chromatic response; this is demonstrated by their changing colors in changing environments, like the ermine, snowshoe hare, or cephalopods like the octopus.
val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to keep the wwf intercontinental championship at 14:10  venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a television camera .
this is similar to the unix philosophy of having multiple programs that each do one thing well and working together over universal interfaces .
he is from a musical family ; his mother, larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, keith brion, was a band director at yale.
the largest populations of mennonites are in canada , the democratic republic of congo and the united states , but there are also mennonites living in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the populace of those countries .
naas is a major " dublin suburb " town , with many people living there and working in Dublin .
acanthopholis had armour made of oval plates that were set almost horizontally into the skin, with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area, along the spine.
origin irmo was chartered on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
Bills proposed by the law commission , and consolidation bills , start in the House of Lords .
in the years leading up to his final release in 1474 , when he began preparations for the reconquest of wallachia , vlad stayed with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital .
you are allowed to add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text , and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text , to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip, il.
bone marrow is the soft tissue found in the hollow interior of bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red light does this is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets .
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse department in southern france , in the area of Provence-Alpes-Côte d ' Azur .
macgruber starts asking for simple objects to disarm the bomb , but he is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life that makes him run out of time .
this was finished when messiaen died , and yvonne loriod took on the final movement 's orchestration with help from george benjamin .
Shi'ites Muslims consider karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca , Medina , Jerusalem and Najaf .
the petition called for the resignations of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat , whom the petition accused of being proxies for thaksin .
travelling through very remote areas requires advance planning and a suitable , reliable vehicle - usually a four wheel drive .
while at kahn , he was the chief architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he excuses himself and dr. schön leaves .
britpop emerged from the british independent music scene in the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by british guitar pop music from the 1960s and 1970s .
this was merged into battalions being formed for xi international brigade .
the sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines , and shorter trains are run .
it has a capacity of 98,772 people, making it the largest stadium in europe and the eleventh largest in the world .
in December 1967 , ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of israel .
some articles are quite lengthy and have a lot of content while others are shorter and of lesser quality .
There are about 95 species accepted as currently alive .
eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill " .
terms like " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are often heard in English .
jurisdiction is based on public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of their home society .
he followed this with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha , and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is aracaju .
despite this , farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade .
gumbasia was created in the style of vorkapich, who taught them kinesthetic film principles .
the lawyer , brandon waise lee , became his idol , and mk sun grew up to be a lawyer .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .
donaldson enlisted in the australian military on 18 june 2002 .
prospectors from all over california , europe and china were also digging in the peel river and on the mountain slopes .
before the invention of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches .
yogurt or yogurt is a dairy product that is made by bacterial fermentation of milk .
seventy-five defencemen have been inducted into the hall of fame , more than any other current position , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries , but all were rejected by mainstream christian bodies .
the album was banned from many record stores nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top , and narrow at the ankle .
in late 2004 , suleman made headlines by cutting howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations , because stern was often discussing his upcoming move to sirius satellite radio .
the company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's " Wendy's confirms Tim Horton's IPO by March ", Ottawa Business Journal, December 1, 2005, and system-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002.
plot captain caleb holt Kirk Cameron is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia, and he strictly follows the cardinal rule of all firefighters: " never leave your partner behind ."
he won the presidential election on 2 march 2008 with a majority of the popular vote .
the plant is a living fossil .
she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia in 1990 .
orchestration stravinsky first thought of writing the ballet in 1913 .
the protests across the nation were stopped .
offenbach 's many operettas were extremely popular in both France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles from the Tang dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of chang ' an  in modern-day xian .
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux , February 13, 1921 - November 11, 1968, was a French organist, pianist, composer, and teacher.
many accounts say the instrument was nearly impossible to control .
santa maria maggiore st. mary the greater is the earliest extant church in assisi .
radar observations suggest a fairly pure iron-nickel composition .
railway gazette international is a monthly business journal covering the railway , metro , light rail , and tram industries worldwide .
he was appointed companion of honour in 1988 .
loèche harbours the installations of onyx , which are used for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small, cardboard folder with a matchcover enclosing a quantity of matches and having a rough striking surface on the exterior .
she was one of the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking and drug use around children and pregnant women .
defiantly , she vowed never to renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
there is a three volume original english-language manga series following graystripe between the time that he was taken by twolegs in dawn and when he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
samovar & porter 1994 , p. 84 Syrians didn't congregate in urban enclaves ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis .
he was also famous for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden furniture .
during her childhood she suffered from collapsed lungs twice and she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year , a ruptured appendix , and she had a tonsillar cyst .
dr. david lindenmeyer australian national university has said that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable , for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum .
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team from montreal , quebec , canada .
small value inductors can also be made on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors .
the term gribble was originally given to the wood-boring species , especially the first species described from Norway by rathke in 1799 , Limnoria lignorum .
wounds inflicted by a club are generally known as bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
after that, the county's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has yet been able to accomplish a quadruple axel in competition .
from the telephone exchange , the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations in the harbor .
even if someone enters a mosque without the intention of praying , there are still rules that apply .
it is pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by the amount of useful work accomplished by a computer system compared to the amount of time and resources used .
some of the largest reservoirs in the world are located along the volga .
the crosier is a symbol for the monasteries of the region .
human skin colors can range from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , helped yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer said he plans to put saddam on trial , but hasn 't yet decided on the details of such a trial .
the representatives of the professional hockey writers' association vote for the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan border afghanistan to the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south and china to the east .
nupedia was founded on march 9 , 2000 , by bomis , Inc. , a web portal company .
the design features key-dependent s-boxes and a highly complex key schedule .
iain grieve was born on February 19th, 1987 in jwaneng, botswana and is currently a rugby union back-rower for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership.
other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was independently proposed by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938-39 when the column was moved to its present location .
west berlin had its own postal service , separate from west germany 's , which issued its own stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro Botticelli, circa 1482.
new south wales 's largest city and capital is sydney .
the polymer is most often epoxy , but other polymers such as polyester or vinyl ester are also sometimes used .
the name of the magazine survives as a brand for a related digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which have withstood the downfall of the printed magazine .
he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern italy at four-and-a-half years old, living in various orphanages and roaming through towns with groups of other homeless children for the next four years.
stands were eventually added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be more modernized .
a town can be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer has a market , provided the right to do so still exists .
a bastion was built later on the eastern approaches .
events on europe on July 29 — the battle of stiklestad Norway : olav haraldsson loses to his pagan vassals and is killed in the battle .
others have theorized that tresca was eliminated by the NKVD as retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union .
this led to both montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries .
use html and css markup sparingly and only if there is a good reason for it .
schuschnigg quickly responded that reports of riots were false .
addiscombe is an suburb in the London borough of Croydon, England.
depending on the context , constituent can have another closely-related meaning of a citizen who resides in the area governed , represented , or otherwise served by a politician ; sometimes this is restricted to citizens who elected the politician .
prunk is a member of the institute of european history in mainz , and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn .
Stallone also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead , they fashioned a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the "hovercraft" and shot the scene while riding up templin highway north of santa clarita .
the conference papers were published the following year in a bookmicroeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al .
the wario land series is a platforming series that started with wario land : super mario land 3 .
frédéric chopin 's opus 57 is a lullaby for solo piano.
these attacks may have been psychological in nature rather than physical .
a historian has said that " quinine 's effectiveness gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa " .
furthermore , spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which suggests a rocky surface composition .
she became the authoritative editor of her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury is similar to the moon : it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains , has no natural satellites and no atmosphere .
the town is located in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zurich .
these habitats ideally provide excellent habitat for chinkara , hog deer , and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was successively ruled by the turkish and afghan governors descending from the delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608
the prime minister can only stay in office as long as they retain the support of the lower house .
for rowling , this scene is important because it shows harry 's bravery by retrieving cedric 's corpse, and he demonstrates selflessness and compassion .
on june 1 , 1972 , he and fellow raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were arrested after a lengthy shootout in frankfurt .
together they formed new music manchester , which is dedicated to contemporary music .
the compact and intense hurricane caused a lot of damage in the upper florida keys , as a storm surge of about 18 to 20 feet affected the region .
it is now the site of meher baba 's samadhi tomb-shrine as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims .
the collapsed dome of the main church has been restored completely .
in 2005 , meissner became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition .
salem is a city in essex county in the state of Massachusetts, United States.
there are 49 species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse in the reef .
saint martin is a tropical island in the northeast Caribbean , about 300 km east of Puerto Rico .
therefore , these pdfs cannot be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images .
in april 1862 , ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger for being part of an armed robbery while in the company of frank gardiner .
heavy rain fell across parts of britain on october 5 , leading to localized accumulation of flood waters .
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb , so the user's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired .
in relation to the parties ' respective strength in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : free democratic party (fdp): 2 members, christian democratic people's party (cvp): 2 members, social democratic party (sp): 2 members, and swiss people's party (svp): 1 member.
a fee is the price one pays for services , especially the fee paid to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other professional .
ohio state 's library system includes twenty-one libraries located on its columbus campus .
in other developments , iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of norway , but scotland was able to resist a norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement .
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in April 2000 , minix became free/open source software under a permissive free software licence , but by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities , and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists .
the body color can be medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and occasionally , it has dark brown spots on the limbs .
the britannica was first and foremost a Scottish enterprise , as shown by its thistle logo , the floral emblem of Scotland .
the area covered by the warning issued on september 22 was later extended southwards as jose intensified , before it was canceled soon after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune claimed that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders had confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the initial stages of combat .
the later provided audiences with the sort of information that intertitles provide, and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like .
that's because real estate , businesses, and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can't be used as collateral to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion .
he ran away from Sydney Cove several times before being shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan ordered the police to surrender .
before the second game got underway , the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance hadn't been up to veeck 's usual promotional standards .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now , joss whedon confirmed that " fray is not done , fray is coming back .
a mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test is a standardized test for college admissions in the united states .
civil unrest in northern italy led to the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants .
some reports say that both paralysis and hallucinations are more likely due to certain factors .
his sentence was that he would be transported to australia for seven years .
waugh writes that charles had been " looking for love " when he first met sebastian , finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , a metaphor informing the work on a number of levels .
her notorious friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also a major factor in her life .
the term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are located on or near the side of an animal .
the term " protein " was coined by berzelius after mulder noticed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of large molecule .
after the jerkilerie raid , the gang went into hiding for 16 months evade capture .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region of northwestern france .
color can range from orange to pale yellow .
an extension was added in 1963 , curving north from union station and terminating at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line ran along the western side of the simpson desert .
it is located on an old portage trail that led west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both .
as the largest sub-region in Mesoamerica , it included a vast and varied landscape , from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google later made the comic available on google books and their site, and mentioned it on its official blog along with an explanation for the early release.
anyone may register a pedigree with the college , where they are carefully assessed and require official proofs before being altered .
the book , political economy , was published in 1985 but didn't gain much classroom adoption .
he toured with the ipo in 1990 for their first-ever performance in the soviet union , and then toured with them again in 1994 in China and India .
the Napoleonic Wars: austrian general mack surrendered his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm, taking a huge number of prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers.
it is the economic center of northern nigeria , and it is known for the production and export of groundnuts .
a majority of south Indians speak one of the five dravidian languages – kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu , and tulu .
meteora was well-received by critics and won multiple awards and honors .
after a brief standoff , the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho .
most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and his son, robert b. sherman .
in the 5th century, Slavs started to move into the area .
from 1900 to 1920, many new facilities were constructed on campus , including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, hill auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
winchester is a city in scott county in the United States .
the name arzashkun seems to be the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka , formed from a proper name arzash , which recalls the name arsene , arsissa , which was applied by the ancients to part of lake van .
out of 16,421 people who participated in the national casting , she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show .
its episodes were broadcast on the abc network from 1993 to 2005 .
the latter device can be designed and used in less stringent environments .
gimnasia hired the first famed colombian trainer francisco maturana , but both he and julio césar falcioni had limited success .
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa, United States.
furthermore , she has appeared in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24, 1979, the 750th anniversary of the village, glinde received its town charter.
pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 and later mario vs. donkey kong 2: march of the minis in 2006, although the character is now described as "mario's friend".
the vagina is elastic and stretches many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth .
his real date of birth was never recorded , but it is believed to be in the 1935-1939 range .
this quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance it takes to inhibit a given biological process or component by half .
although the name suggests they are located in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern , parts of the bernese alps are located in adjacent cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
there, he had one daughter, later baptized as Mary Ann Fisher Power, to Ann E Power.
during an interview , edward gorey mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists , lamenting the fact that few people knew or remembered about this fine artist .
the string can vibrate in different modes just like a guitar string can, and every mode appears as a different particle: electron, photon, gluon, etc.
gable also earned an academy award nomination when he portrayed fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .
