The sudanese military and janjaweed are fighting in the conflict.
jeddah is the gateway to mecca.
There is a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune.
His next work is about a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula pulled on the cord with all his strength.
He died six weeks later.
They are culturally similar to the coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea.
The Colin Mears Award is worth £5000.
Dancers follow the drummers.
The spacecraft consists of two elements.
Alessandro Mazzola was born on 8 November 1942.
The debris filled in the smaller craters.
He graduated with a BA in anthropology in 1943.
The BZÖ differs from the Freedom Party.
Species vanished by the end of the nineteenth century.
He was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame in 1987.
it occurs as a white powder.
It is very competitive to gain admission to Tsinghua.
NRC is a private foundation.
It is situated at the coast of the Baltic Sea.
He was named "sportsman of the year" in 1982.
It is a British sport.
King Bhumibol was born on Monday.
They were merged into the national museum of scotland.
Tagore emulated numerous styles.
Kennedy proposed the peace corps on the steps of michigan union.
She performed for President Reagan.
Perry Saturn and Terri won the WWF European Championship.
She returned to France in 1927.
Despina was discovered in late July 1989.
The first Italian Grand Prix took place in 1921.
He wrote two collections of short stories.
ophelia appears as an elongated object .
They took the land by force.
Some towns do not follow official Western Australian time.
Shell has been used to decorate walls, furniture and boxes.
other cities include rancho palos verdes, rolling hills estates and rolling hills.
Clank asks Ratchet to find Captain Qwark.
it is not a true louse.
He promotes user-centered design and interaction design.
There is a possible conspiracy against someone.
The group assesses climate change.
The island chain is part of the Hebrides.
They welcomed a daughter on July 12, 2008.
The minor planet center oversees minor planet designations.
Wind shear increased and the storm weakened.
Each entry has a datum.
Both men and women must adhere to the guidelines when attending a mosque.
Brian Jacques wrote Mariel of Redwall in 1991.
He is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby.
It consists of four reports.
Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics.
The stamp was printed in vast quantities.
It was an MMA promotion billed as the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia causes giardiasis.
Cameron has worked in Christian-themed productions.
This was an area called "Prussia Proper".
He returned to Yerevan after graduation.
The story of Christmas is based on the Bible.
He got into trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities.
Celebrities have been featured in the episodes.
Stephen P. Synnott discovered it in images from the Voyager 1 space probe.
juan luis cano and guillermo fesser hosted a Spanish radio show.
The band announced the release date of the resistance.
He is in a boyband.
The singing of hallel psalms with alleluia was common in early Christian feasts.
He swore fealty to Charles.
It is derived from VOA Special English.
disney received an oscar statuette and seven miniature ones .
A spacecraft discovered it.
hinterrhein is in switzerland .
It is located in the Czech Republic.
This causes confusion for consumers.
The incident has been widely reported.
They are castrated.
Seventh sons have strong abilities.
The 2009 version had a 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 mb memory utilization.
volterra is in Italy.
Itch and pain have recently been found to be independent of each other.
Glycoprotein-rich mucous is present on the tongue.
The tram derailed at Starr Gate Loop.
There are statues outside the ground.
Find the square root.
They provided various items for those at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is in France.
Buildings are built along a bypass.
It is a starting point for exploration.
Bruises can be painful but are usually not dangerous.
No one is responsible for your use of the information.
He served as kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover.
Their eyes are small.
only chitin is tougher than them.
oregano is used in greek cuisine.
Tickets can be purchased for national rail services, the docklands light railway, and with an oyster card.
He produced and published some of his works, while most of his larger woodcuts were commissioned.
Historians research and write history using primary sources and other evidence.
The icecap contributes to the high oxygen concentration.
The population was 89,148 in 2000.
People can be aliterate.
it is a synthetic steroid compound used as a pharmaceutical.
It will sink back to the river bed.
Children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, or care about.
His father is now a big fan of Floyd.
The hurricane became ragged.
The wage is the equilibrium price.
They published their findings in a book in 1911.
He settled in London.
It has several restaurants, a cafeteria, a coffee bar, and a grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops to garrison the region.
Trevi passed under the temporal rule of the Church in 1438.
It caused heavy rains and flooding in Brazil.
The agency existed from 1952 to 1995.
The band has five members.
Mosques are used to promote civic participation in countries with a minority muslim population.
pete and dud are foul-mouthed characters.
Johan was the original bassist of Hammerfall.
culver won the election for iowa secretary of state in 1998.
Mark Messier won the Hart Trophy in 1990.
Shade defies the law and causes destruction.
She is a daughter.
He was diagnosed with cancer.
The national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds.
They play speed chess.
It is drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
They were charged with mutiny and treason.
The damage extended up the Atlantic coastline and inland to West Virginia.
The computers are metaphorically compared to zombies.
The wave traveled across the Atlantic.
The associated press updates its stylebook annually.
The four canonical texts are the gospel of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John.
Eschelbronn is known for its furniture manufacturing industry.
the upper half resembles the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim.
neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of frozen methane.
They cannot participate until adulthood.
Stable releases are rare, but snapshots are often stable.
He was sent to Florence in 1482.
The Bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov's principal landmarks.
He died in Madrid, Spain.
They demonstrated this in 1953.
Cogeneration generates electricity and useful heat.
The den master sometimes admits a second male into the den.
You can enable a wikipedia gadget in your preferences.
Here are some useful links.
He was the prime minister of Egypt.
She was left behind when the rest of the Nicoleños were moved to the mainland.
He was appointed a gentleman of the chapel royal.
He was embarrassed to receive his award.
Esperanto speakers saw the language and its culture as valuable in itself.
The dry air eroded the deep convection.
He is an American novelist.
Eva Braun was Hitler's companion and wife.
Each license has a version number.
Users must set a nickname before connecting to an IRC server.
He became the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
Summerslam 2009 is an upcoming event.
He is usually portrayed as being bald with long whiskers.
Some animals can change color.
Val Venis won the match and retained the WWF Intercontinental Championship.
It follows the unix philosophy.
His family was musical.
Mennonites live in 51 countries.
Naas is a major town.
The armour of Acanthopholis had oval plates set into the skin.
Origin Irmo was chartered in 1890.
Bills proposed by the law commission start in the house of lords.
vlad resided in hungary with his wife.
You may add cover text.
He is buried in alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is in the hollow interior of bones.
The scattering process gives us blue skies and red sunsets.
Monteux is in France.
Macgruber is distracted from his task.
Yvonne Loriod undertook the orchestration of the final movement.
Karbala is one of the holiest cities for Shi'a Muslims.
The pad demanded resignations.
Traveling through remote areas requires planning and a reliable vehicle.
He was chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He excuses himself and leaves.
britpop emerged in the early 1990s.
The battalions were formed for the XI International Brigade.
Fewer users use the Sheppard line than the other two subway lines.
It is the largest stadium in Europe.
She was honored as one of the righteous among the nations.
Some articles are lengthy and rich in content, while others are shorter and of lesser quality.
There are 95 species.
It is named after an indigenous Australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
People use terms like "undies" and "movie" in English.
Jurisdiction is determined by laws and government powers.
He composed several pieces about Hiawatha.
Aracaju is the capital of the state.
Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts.
Vorkapich taught a style called kinesthetic film principles.
He grew up to be a lawyer.
The township is located near Cowra in Australia.
He enlisted in the Australian Army in 2002.
Prospectors were digging in the area.
The slide rule was the most commonly used calculation tool.
The Kindle 2 has improved features.
Yogurt is a dairy product.
More defencemen are in the hall of fame than goaltenders.
Alternative views have been proposed, but were rejected.
The album was banned.
The legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
Suleman made headlines in 2004.
Wendy's confirmed the Tim Hortons IPO by March.
He is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia.
He won the election with 71.25% of the vote.
it is a living fossil.
She performed in Saudi Arabia in 1990.
He wrote the ballet in 1913.
Protests were suppressed.
His operettas were popular in France and the English-speaking world.
Roof tiles from the Tang Dynasty have been found near Xian.
Jeanne Demessieux was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
The instrument was nearly impossible to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the earliest extant church in Assisi.
Radar observations indicate a pure iron-nickel composition.
It is a business journal covering the railway industry worldwide.
He was appointed ch in 1988.
Onyx, the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering, is located in Loèche.
It holds matches and has a rough surface.
She objected to cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
She vowed to never renounce the commune.
Graystripe has a three-volume manga series.
Many of the immigrants interacted with Americans on a daily basis.
He was famous for his artwork.
She had many health issues as a child.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer argued that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable.
They are a professional hockey team.
Inductors can be built on integrated circuits.
gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species.
Bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries are caused by a club.
Greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No one has accomplished a quadruple axel in competition.
The commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour.
Rules still apply to those entering a mosque.
It is small and pointed in the face.
Computer performance is measured.
The Volga has large reservoirs.
It symbolises the monasteries of the region.
Skin hues can vary widely.
They helped Yunus incorporate the bank.
bremer reported plans to put saddam on trial.
They vote for the all-star team.
Afghanistan is bordered by four countries.
Nupedia was founded in 2000.
The design has key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule.
He is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby.
pont-bellanger and beaumesnil are nearby settlements.
gell-mann and zweig proposed the quark model in 1964.
The fourth ring was added in 1938-39.
West Berlin had its own postal administration.
sandro botticelli painted the primavera in 1482.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of New South Wales.
Other polymers are sometimes used.
The name survives as a brand.
He was homeless for four years.
Stands were added to the ground.
The right to hold a market still exists.
They built a bastion.
Olav Haraldsson was killed in the Battle of Stiklestad.
He was eliminated by the nkvd.
Montenegro and Serbia became independent countries.
Use markup sparingly.
Schuschnigg responded that the reports were false.
It is a suburb in the London Borough of Croydon.
A constituent can also be a citizen residing in the area served by a politician.
He is a member of the Institute of European History in Mainz.
Stallone appeared in Taxi 3.
The crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm for the scene.
The papers were published in a book.
The Wario Land series is a platforming series.
He composed a berceuse for solo piano.
They may have been psychological.
A historian claimed quinine allowed colonization of West Africa.
Studies have found evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates on the surface.
She edited her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel.
mercury is like the moon.
The town lies in the Limmat Valley.
They provide habitat for chinkara, hog deer and blue bull.
The Mughals arrived in 1608.
The prime minister must retain the support of the lower house.
Harry demonstrates selflessness and compassion.
They were apprehended in Frankfurt.
They formed new music manchester.
The hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys.
The site is now a tomb-shrine for Meher Baba.
The dome has been restored.
She landed the triple axel jump in a national competition.
salem is in Massachusetts.
Pipefish and seahorse species have been recorded.
saint martin is a tropical island in the caribbean.
These PDFs cannot be distributed without manipulation.
Ben was arrested for participating in an armed robbery.
It rained heavily in Britain on October 5.
Version 2009.1 provides a USB installer.
The seats were distributed according to the parties' strengths.
One pays a fee for services.
Ohio State has twenty-one libraries on its Columbus campus.
Norway gained power over Iceland and Greenland, but Scotland resisted and negotiated a peace agreement.
The album included five singles.
Minix became free in April 2000.
The body color varies and is occasionally marked with dark spots.
the britannica was a scottish enterprise.
The warning was extended before being canceled.
The san diego union tribune alleged the use of mark 77 firebombs.
It provided audiences with information.
Assets cannot be used as collateral to raise capital in third world countries.
He was shot dead in 1796.
Ned and Dan advanced to the police camp.
The press agreed the appearance was not up to veeck's standard.
Joss Whedon confirmed that "Fray is coming back".
They appear in Marvel comic books.
The SAT is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
Geisslerlieder were created due to civil unrest in northern Italy.
Factors increase the likelihood of paralysis and hallucinations.
He was sentenced to transportation to Australia for seven years.
Charles searched for love when he met Sebastian.
She was friends with Grigori Rasputin.
Dorsal refers to structures located on the back side of an animal.
Berzelius coined the term "protein".
The gang evaded capture for 16 months.
It is located in France.
It ranges from orange to pale yellow.
An extension was added in 1963.
The commonwealth railways line passed the Simpson Desert before 1980.
It is located on an old portage trail.
Cardiomyopathy can cause arrhythmia and sudden cardiac death.
It encompassed a vast and varied landscape.
Google released the comic early.
They must provide official proofs before altering a pedigree.
The book was published in 1985.
He toured with the IPO in 1990 and 1994.
General Mack surrendered to Napoleon.
It is an economic centre for northern Nigeria.
Most south indians speak a dravidian language.
The band earned awards and honors.
The wwf cavalry attacked kane and jericho.
richard and robert sherman wrote the songs.
The Slavs moved into the area in the 5th century.
Many new facilities were constructed on campus.
Winchester is a city in Illinois.
The name Arzashkun is derived from the Armenian name Arzash.
She was chosen to appear on the tv show.
It aired from 1993 to 2005.
The device can be used in less stringent environments.
gimnasia hired two trainers, but both had limited success.
It is located in Washington County, Iowa.
She appeared in music videos.
Glinde received its town charter on June 24, 1979.
Pauline returned in 1994 and 2006.
It stretches during vaginal birth.
His birth date is believed to be between 1935 and 1939.
This measure shows how much of a substance is needed to inhibit a process or component by half.
Parts of the Bernese Alps are in other cantons.
he had one daughter named mary ann fisher power.
Edward Gorey mentioned Bawden as a favorite artist.
the string can produce different particles.
he was nominated for an academy award for his role in mutiny on the bounty.
