one side of the armed conflicts is composed mostly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
jeddah is the principal gateway to Mecca , and is Islam 's holiest city , which able-bodied Muslims are required to visit at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is considered to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune .
his next work is being written about after an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula spun a black cord and attached it to the ball, crawling away quickly to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength.
he died six weeks later on 13 January 888.
they are culturally similar to the coastal people of papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been presented with the david mearns award to the value of £ 5000 .
following the drummers are dancers, who often play the soo , a small drum that makes almost no sound and tend to have more simpler — even less elaborate — choreography .
the spacecraft consists of two main elements : the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe .
alessandro " sandro " mazzola was born on 8 November 1942 .
it was initially thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham attended Wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 and graduated with a b in anthropology .
however, the bzö differs from the freedom party , as it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty but against an eu-withdrawal .
many species of animals had disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century, with European settlement .
in 1987, wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame .
in its pure form , dextromethorphan is a white powder .
admission to tsinghua is extremely competitive .
today NRC is organized as an independent, private foundation .
it is located at the coast of the Baltic Sea, where it encloses the city of stralsund .
he was also named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports Illustrated .
fives is a sport believed to have originated from the same origins as many racquet sports .
for example, king bhumibol was born on Monday , so throughout Thailand will be decorated with yellow flowers .
both names were discontinued in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland .
however, he emulated many styles, including craftwork from northern new ireland, haida carvings from the west coast of canada, and woodcuts by max pechstein.
on october 14, 1960, president john F. Kennedy proposed the idea of creating a peace corps on the steps of Michigan Union .
she performed for president Reagan in 1988's great performances at the white house series , which aired on the public broadcaster .
perry saturn & terri defeated eddie guerrero & chyna to win the wwf european championship at 8:10 on saturn pinned Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
she remained in the United States until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France.
despina was discovered in late July, 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he also completed two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious tales and seven strange and ghostly tales .
at the voyager 2 images of ophelia appears as an elongated object , the major axis pointing towards uranus .
the British decided to eliminate him and take the land by force .
some towns on the Eyre Highway in the south-east corner of Western Australia, between the south Australian border almost to Caiguna, do not follow the official Western Australian time.
in architectural decoration, small pieces of colorful and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays, which have been used to decorate walls, furniture, and boxes .
the other incorporated cities on the palos verdes Peninsula include rancho palos verdes, rolling hills estates, and rolling hills .
fearing that drek will destroy the galaxy, clank asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark , in an effort to stop drek .
it is not actually a real louse .
he advocates using a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also promotes interaction design as a mainstream discipline .
they say that someone half a world away may be the other editors who may have reported you and the administrator who blocked you ; they say that they ' ve never met this person in person .
working group i : assesses scientific aspects of climate change .
the island chain forms part of the hebrides, separated from the scottish mainland and from the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife welcomed alannah marie orton on July 12, 2008 .
formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the minor planet center .
by early on September 30 , wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began .
each entry has a data point a nugget of data that is a copy of the data point in some backing store .
as a result, although many mosques will not enforce violations , both men and women must adhere to these guidelines .
mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , published in 1991 .
ryan prosser was born on 10 July 1988, and is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership.
like the previous assessment reports , the report consists of four parts .
their granddaughter hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of Paris , and their grandson pierre Joliot is a noted chemist
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the rest of Victoria 's reign , and vast quantities were printed .
the international fight league was an American mixed martial arts MMA promotion billed as the world's first league .
the name given to the flagellated protozoan parasite that colonises and reproduces in the small intestine called giardia lamblia is synonymous with the name given to the flagellated protozoan parasite that colonises and reproduces in the stomach called lamblia intestinalis and the name given to the flagellated protozoan parasite that colonises and reproduces in the large intestine called giardia duodenalis .
aside from this, he has often worked in Christian-themed productions, among them the post-rapture films left behind : the movie, left behind ii: tribulation force, and left behind: world at war .
this was the area east of the mouth of the vistula River .
after graduating from college he returned to Yerevan and taught at the local conservatory and later became the artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts of the gospel of matthew - and the gospel of luke - specifically .
he was later in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behavior .
so far, the 'celebrity ' episodes have included vic reeves, nancy sorrell, gaby roslin, scott mills, mark chapman, simon gregson, sue cleaver, carol thatcher, paul o ' grady, and lee ryan.
it was discovered by Stephen P. Synnott in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5, 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter .
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show, hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
on 16 June 2009, the official release date of the resistance was announced on the band 's website .
he is also a member of another boyband 183 club
the apostolic tradition, attributed to the theologian Hippolytus, attests the singing of hallel psalms with all-out Hail Mary as the refrain in early Christian agape feasts .
in return, rollo swore fealty to charles, converted to Christianity, and undertook to defend the northern region of France against the incursions of other Viking groups.
it is the voice of America  voa that is used for special English .
disney received a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , presented to him by 10-year-old child actress Shirley Temple .
it was the first asteroid to be found by a spacecraft
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of graubünden , Switzerland .
it continues as the bohemian switzerland in the Czech Republic .
this leads to consumer confusion when 220 1,048,576 bytes is referenced as 1 megabyte instead of 1 mib .
the incident has been the subject of many reports in the academic community as to ethics in scholarship .
they are castrated so that the animal may be more obedient or may put on more weight quickly.
seventh sons have strong " skills " which are specific magical abilities and they are also incredibly rare and powerful .
benchmarking conducted by Passmark software highlights the 2009 version's 50 second install time , 30 second scan time , and 5 mb memory utilization .
volterra is a town in the Tuscan region of Italy .
historically, it was found that itch and pain have been considered to be separate entities until recently, where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain , but displays notable differences.
the tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous , which both lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites , which adhere to it .
the same tram derailed on 30 may 2006 near the starr gate loop during previous trials .
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson, both former IPswich town and England managers, outside the ground .
take the square root of the variation .
volunteers provided food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern France .
if there are no strong land use controls , buildings are built on a bypass , which becomes an ordinary road and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid .
it is also a starting point for people wanting to explore cooktown, cape York Peninsula, and the atherton tableland .
bruises often induce pain but are not usually dangerous .
none of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, vandals, or anyone else connected with wikipedia, in any way whatsoever, can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages .
george frideric handel also served as kapellmeister for George, elector of Hanover who eventually became George I of Great Britain.
their eyes are small and their visual acuity is poor.
they are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin .
oregano is an essential ingredient in greek cuisine
tickets can be retailed for national rail services, the docklands light railway, and on an Oyster card .
these works he produced and published himself , while his much larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned by other artists .
the historical method includes the methods and guidelines by which historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and then to write history .
the sheer weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake vostok is thought to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .
as of 2000 , the population was 89,148 .
aliteracy is the state of being able to read but not being interested in doing so
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid that is used as a pharmaceutical .
it will then slowly sink back and digest its food in the river bed before reappearing and starting its next meal
furthermore, research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that they know, trust, and care about .
landis ' father has become a big supporter of his son and considers himself one of floyd's biggest fans
shortly after reaching category 4 status , the outer convection became ragged .
the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage .
convinced that the grounds were haunted, they decided to publish their findings in a book called an adventure 1911, under the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and francis lamont.
he settled in London, devoted himself chiefly to practical teaching.
brunstad has several fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, coffee bar, and its own grocery store.
he left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region .
in 1438, trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia, and thenceforth its history becomes merged with that of the states of the church, then 1860 with the united kingdom of Italy.
the depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation without convection , and dissipated the next day over Brazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was an agency that existed from 1952 to 1995 .
the current lineup of the band consists of Flynn vocals, guitar, duce bass, phil demmel guitar, and dave mcclain drums.
advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries of the greater middle east to use mosques as a way to promote religious participation .
the characters are foul-mouthed manifestations of their earlier characters Pete and Dud .
johan was the original bassist for the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but he quit before the band ever released a studio album .
in 1998, Culver ran for the Iowa Secretary of State office and was victorious .
in 1990, mark messier won the Hart over ray bourque by a margin of two votes .
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he disobedienceously disregards that law , and accidentally initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home , forcing their premature migration , and his separation from them .
the female equivalent is a daughter .
he was diagnosed with inoperable pancreatic cancer in april 1999 .
prior to the storm, the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks .
the form of chess played is speed chess in which each competitor has a total of twelve minutes to play .
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two former presidents were later separately charged with treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju Massacre .
moderate to severe damage extended up the Atlantic coastline and as far inland as western Virginia .
because the owner is unaware, these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies.
the wave travel across the Atlantic Ocean, and organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13 .
for example, the Associated Press' stylebook is updated annually .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke and gospel of john , probably written between 65 and 100 .
since the end of the 19th century, eschelbronn is well known for its furniture manufacturing industry .
the upper half of the building also resembles the coat of arms of the former district of Oberbarnim .
unlike the clouds on Earth, however, Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane .
their participation is limited until they reach the legal age of majority .
development releases are usually rare, but there are often snapshots which are stable enough to use.
finally in 1482, the order sent him to Florence, the ‘ city of his destiny ’.
in the soviet years, the Bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov's principal landmarks - the Alexander Nevsky Cathedral in 1908 and St. George Cathedral in Nakhichevan in 1783-1807.
he died on may 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the church of San Benito de Alcantara.
this was demonstrated in the miller-urey experiment bystanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953 .
cogeneration also uses heat and power to create electricity and useful heat .
on occasions, the male " den master " will allow a second male into the den; the reason for this is unknown
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript snippet that can be enabled by ticking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
below are some links to help you participate .
he served as the prime minister of egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948 .
she was left behind when the rest of the Nicoles went to the mainland.
james i appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal in 1615 .
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially indicated that he may not accept it .
later, Esperanto speakers began to see the language and culture that had grown up around it as their own, even if Esperanto is never adopted by the United Nations or other international organizations.
dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of thecyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on september 12 .
calvin baker is an American author .
she was the longtime companion and, for a brief time, wife of Adolf Hitler.
each license has a specific version number .
most IRC servers don't require users to register a name but users will have to set a nickname before being connected .
that same year, he also received a mechanics certificate, becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York .
summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling event produced by world wrestling entertainment wwe, which will take place on august 23, 2009 at staples center in los angeles, california .
usually portrayed as being bald, with long hair , he is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar
a few animals have chromatic response - changing color in different environments - either seasonally, ermine, snowshoe hare, or more rapidly with chromatophores in their integument - the cephalopod family.
val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the wwf Intercontinental championship at 14:10 with tazz hitting Rikishi with a television camera .
this closely resembles the Unix philosophy of having multiple programs that work together over universal interfaces .
he was born from a musical family ; his mother, larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, keith brion, was a band director at yale.
the largest populations of mennonites are found in Canada, the Democratic Republic of Congo, the United States, but they can also be found in tight-knit communities all over the world in at least 51 countries.
naas is a major " dublin suburb " town, with many people living there and working there.
his armour consisted of oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin, with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area , along the spine .
irmo was chartered on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry, and Laurens Railroad
bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the house of lords .
in the years leading up to his final release in 1474 , when he began preparations for the reconquest of Wallachia , vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital .
you can add up to five words as a front-cover text, and up to 25 words as a back-cover text, to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version .
he is interred in the restvale cemetery in alsip, Illinois .
bone marrow is the flexible tissue found in the hollow interior of bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red  this is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets .
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse département in southern France, in the area of the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur.
macgruber starts asking for simple things to make something to defuse the bomb, but he is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life that makes him run out of time .
this was completed when French composer Maurice Messiaen died, and Yvonne Loriod undertook the final movement's orchestration with advice from George Benjamin.
shi ' a Muslims believe that karbala is one of their holiest cities after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem, and Najaf.
the pad called for the resignation of the governments of THAKSIN shinawatra, SAMAK Sundaravej and SOMCHAI WONGSAWAT, whom the pad accused of being proxies for THAKSIN.
however, travel through very remote areas, on isolated tracks, requires advance planning and a four-wheel-drive vehicle usually a truck or SUV .
while at Kahn he was the architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal, and he and dr. schön leave.
britpop emerged from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
this was absorbed into battalions being formed for xi international brigade .
the sheppard line currently has a smaller population than the other two subway lines and the shorter trains are run .
it has a capacity of 98,772 , making it the largest stadium in Europe , and the eleventh largest in the world .
in december, 1967, ten Boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of israel .
some articles are very long and detailed while others are shorter possibly stubs and of lesser quality .
about 95 species of animals are currently accepted .
eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill ".
terms such as " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are often heard words in english .
jurisdiction draws its substance from public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society.
he followed this up with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , Overture to the Song of Hiawatha and Hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is Aracaju .
despite this, farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade .
gumbasia was created in a style Vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles .
brandon Waise Lee became his idol after becoming a lawyer .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .
donaldson enlisted in the australian army on 18 June 2002 .
prospectors from California, Europe, and China were also digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes .
before the advent of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 features 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  .
yogurt is a dairy product that is produced by bacteria fermentation of milk .
seventy-five defencemen are enshrined in the hall of fame, more than any other current position, while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries , but all were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies .
the album was banned from many stores nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle .
suleman made headlines in late 2004 by cutting howard stern 's radio show from four Calvert stations , citing stern's frequent discussions about his upcoming move to Sirius satellite radio .
the company opened twice as many Canadian stores as McDonald's " Wendy's confirms tim hortons' IPO by March " , Ottawa Business Journal, December 1, 2005, and system-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002.
plot captain caleb Holt Kirk Cameron is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia and firmly keeps the cardinal rule of all firefighters, " never leave your partner behind ".
he won the presidential election held on 2 march 2008 with 71.25% of the votes .
the plant is a living fossil
in 1990 , she was the only woman allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia .
orchestrationStravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913 .
protests across the nation were quickly quashed .
offenbach 's many operas such as orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène were extremely popular in both France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles dating back to the Tang Dynasty have been found west of the ancient city of Chang ' an .
january 13, 1921 – november 11, 1968 was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
by most accounts, the instrument was very difficult to control .
santa maria maggiore is the earliest extant church in Assisi .
radar observations indicate a fairly pure iron-nickel composition .
railway gazette international is a monthly business journal covering the railway, metro, light rail and tram industries worldwide .
he was appointed an honorary member of the order of the thirteenth century in 1988 .
loèche harbours the installations of onyx , which are used for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small cardboard folder with a coarse striking surface on the exterior .
she was one of the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women .
defiantly, she vowed to never renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
oel manga series graystripe 's trilogy, there is a three volume original english-language manga series following graystripe , between the time that he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
samovar & porter, p. 84, syrians did not congregate in urban areas; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis.
he was also famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture .
during her childhood, she suffered from collapsed lungs 2-3 times a year, pneumonia 4-5 times a year, a ruptured appendix, and had a tonsillar cyst.
dr. david lindenmeyer at the australian national university has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable , for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum .
the montreal canadians are a professional ice hockey team based in montreal , Quebec , Canada .
small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors .
the term grumble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species, especially the first species described from Norway by Rathke in 1799, limnoria lignorum .
the wounds inflicted by a club are generally called bludgeoning or blunt-force injuries .
thereafter, the administration of the county was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has yet accomplished a quadruple Axel in competition .
from the telephone exchange, the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbor .
however, even to those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying , there are still rules that apply .
it is described as pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by the amount of useful work that a computer system can complete compared to how long and resources it takes to do the same job .
some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be found along the Volga River .
the crosier is the symbol for the monasteries of the region .
human skin colors can range from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank, a community development bank in Chicago, helped yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial, but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined
representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association vote on the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan border afghanistan to the north, iran to the west, pakistan to the south, and the people 's republic of china to the east.
nupedia was founded on march 9, 2000 , and is owned by Bomis, Inc., a web portal company.
some of the notable features of the design include key-dependent s-boxes and a highly complex key schedule .
iain grieve was born on 19 February 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana, and is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was independently proposed by physicists, Murray Gell-mann and George Zweig in 1964.
the fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938-39 when the column was moved to its present location .
west berlin had its own postal service, separate from west germany 's, until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro Botticelli , c. 1440 .
new south wales 's largest city and capital is sydney .
the polymer is most often epoxy , but other polymers, such as polyester or vinyl ester , are also sometimes used .
the name survives as a brand for a related spin-off digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which have survived the demise of the print magazine .
at four-and-a-half years old, he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years, living in various orphanages and roaming through towns with groups of other homeless children.
stands were eventually added behind each goal during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernized .
a town can still be correctly described as a market town or have market rights even if it no longer holds a market , provided the right to do so still exists .
a bastion was built to the east of the forts .
events europe july 29-30 – the battle of stiklestad took place in Norway ; olav haraldsson lost to his pagan vassals and was killed in the battle .
others have theories that tresca was eliminated as a result of the NKVD's displeasure with the Stalin government of the Soviet Union .
this resulted in both Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries .
use html and css markup sparingly and only when it is necessary and with good reason .
he immediately responded that reports of riots were false .
addiscombe is a suburb in the London borough of Croydon, England.
depending on the context, another closely-related meaning of constituent is someone who lives or works in the area governed, represented, or otherwise served by a politician ; this can be restricted to citizens who elected the politician.
prunk is a member of the institute of european history in mainz and a senior fellow at the center for european integration studies in Bonn .
Stallone also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film Taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead, they built a trailer with a cantilevered arm that they could use to shoot the scene while riding up templin highway north of Santa Clarita
the conference papers were published in a book entitled microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al .
wario land : super mario land 3 , a spin-off of the super Mario land series , was released in 2001 .
frédéric Chopin 's opus 57 is a ballad for solo piano .
these attacks may have been psychological in origin rather than physical
a historian has said that " quinine's efficacy that gave colonists new opportunities to swarm into the gold coast, nigeria and other parts of west africa "
furthermore, spectral studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which suggests a harder surface composition .
she became the authoritative editor of her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury is very similar in appearance to the moon - it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains, has no natural satellites, and no substantial atmosphere .
the town is located in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zurich .
these provide ideal habitats for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty, dhaka was successively ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors descending from the Delhi Sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608 .
the prime minister is only allowed to stay in office for as long as they maintain the support of the lower house .
for rowling, this scene is important because it shows Harry's bravery and by retrieving Cedric's corpse, he demonstrates his selfless and compassionate nature.
on June 1, 1972, raf members jan-carl Raspe and holger Meins were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in frankfurt .
together, they formed new music Manchester , a group that is committed to contemporary music .
the intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper florida Keys, as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet hit the region .
it has now become the site of Meher Baba 's samadhi shrine as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims .
the collapsed dome of the main church was restored completely .
in 2005, she became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition .
salem is a city in Essex county, Massachusetts , United States .
forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been found .
saint martin is an island in the northeast Caribbean Sea, approximately 300 kilometers east of Puerto Rico.
therefore, these pdfs cannot be distributed without further editing if they include images .
in April 1862, ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sir Frederick Pottinger for participating in an armed robbery whilst in the company of frank Gardiner
heavy rain fell across parts of Britain on October 5 , causing localized accumulation of flood waters .
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer that allows the user to create a live usb , where their configuration and personal data can be saved if desired .
in approximate relation to the parties' respective strengths in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : the free democratic party  fdp  : 2 members , the christian democratic people's party  cvp  : 2 members , the social democratic party  sp  : 2 members , and the swiss people's party  svp  : 1 member .
a fee is the price one pays for services, especially the honorarium paid to a doctor, lawyer, consultant, or other member of a learned profession .
ohio state 's library system includes twenty-one libraries located on its columbus campus .
in other developments, both iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway, but Scotland was able to repulse a Norwegian invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement.
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking .
in April 2000, minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence but by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities , and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists
the body color can vary a lot, from light brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and occasionally, it will have dark brown spots.
the britannica was primarily a British enterprise, as symbolized by its thistle logo and the floral emblem of Scotland .
the area covered by the warning issued on september 22 was widened southwards and then canceled soon after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune alleged that U.S. marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of Mk 77 firebombs on iraqi Republican guards during the early stages of combat .
the latter helped historians imagine what the film may have been like by providing information about the plot and scene by scene .
because real estate, businesses, and other assets in the underground economies of the Third World can not be used as collateral to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansions .
he bolted from Sydney Cove several times before being shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan advanced to the police camp and ordered them to surrender .
before the second game got underway, the press agreed that the "midget-in-a-cake " appearance had not been up to veeck 's usual standard .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now joss whedon confirmed that " fray is not over yet , fray is coming back .
a mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel .
the sat reasoning test formerly was the Scholastic aptitude test and the Scholastic assessment test .
civil unrest in northern Italy leads to the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , which are sung by wandering bands of flagellants .
some reports say that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations .
his sentence was transported to australia for seven years .
waugh writes that charles had been looking for love in those days when he first met Sebastian , finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , a metaphor that informs the work on a number of levels .
her famous friendship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was also a key factor in her life
the term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are either located on the side of an animal or grow off that side .
the term " protein " was coined by berzelius after mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of large molecule .
after thejerilderie raid, the gang stayed low for 16 months and avoided capture .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern France .
color ranges from orange to pale yellow
in 1963 an extension was added to the station, curveng north from union station, below university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street , where it turned west to terminate at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980, a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed along the western side of the Simpson desert .
it's located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both .
as the largest sub-region in Mesoamerica , it included a vast and diverse landscape from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google made the comic available on google books and their site along with an explanation for the early release .
anyone can register a pedigree with the college , where they are carefully audited and require official proofs before being changed .
the book, political economy, was published in 1985 but had limited classroom use .
he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 for their first-ever performance in the Soviet Union , with concerts in Moscow and Leningrad and tours in China and India .
the austrian general mack surrendered his army to the grand army of napoleon at Ulm on October 20, 1805, and over 30,000 of his troops were captured and killed in the battle.
it has been the economic center of northern nigeria for years and a center for the production and export of groundnuts.
a majority of south Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages — kannada, malayalam, tamil, telugu, and tulu.
meteora won multiple awards and honours .
after a brief standoff , the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho .
most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .
in the 5th century, Slavs started moving into the area .
from 1900 to 1920 many new facilities were constructed on campus including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a building for the natural sciences, a large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
winchester is a city in Scott County, Illinois, United States .
the name arzashkun seems to be the Armenian form of an armenian name ending in -ka formed from a proper name arzash , which recalls the name arsene , arsissa , applied by the ancient Greeks to part of lake van .
out of 16,421 participants who took part in the national casting , she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the show .
its episodes were aired on the abc network from its debut on september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
the latter device can then be used in less stringent environments .
gimnasia hired the first famous Colombian trainer, Francisco Maturana, but he had limited success.
brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa, United States.
furthermore, she appeared in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on jun 24 1979, the 750th anniversary of the village, glinde received its town charter.
pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994, and later played the role of Mario's friend in Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Mini's in 2006
the vagina is incredibly elastic and stretches to many times its normal diameter during vaginal births.
his real date of birth is unknown, but it is believed to have happened between 1935 and 1939 .
this quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance inhibitor is needed to inhibit a given biological process or component by half .
although the name suggests that they are located in the bernese Oberland region of the canton of Bern , portions of the bernese Alps are in the adjacent cantons of Valais , Lucerne , Obwalden , Fribourg and Vaud .
there she had one daughter named Mary Ann Fisher Power to Ann E Power.
during an interview, edward gorey mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists , lamenting the fact that not many people knew about this great artist .
the string can vibrate in different modes, just like a guitar string can produce different notes, and every mode appears as a different particle: electron, photon, gluon, etc.
gable also won an academy award nomination when he played Fletcher Christian in 1935's mutiny on the bounty .
