The armed conflicts on one side are composed mainly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group that was recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan.
Jeddah is the principal gateway to Mecca, Islam's holiest city, which is required of able-bodied Muslims to visit at least once in their lifetime.
the great dark spot is thought to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of neptune .
his next work, Saturday, follows an eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
the tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord and, attaching it to the ball, crawled away fast to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength.
he died six weeks later, on january 888.
they are culturally akin to the coastal peoples of papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been given the colin mears award with a value of £ 5000 .
following the drummers are dancers who often play the sogo, a tiny drum that makes almost no sound and tend to have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography.
the spacecraft consists of two main elements : the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe .
Alessandro "Sandro" Mazzola was born on November 8, 1942.
it was initially thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
from 1939 to 1943, Graham attended Wheaton College and graduated with a Bachelor of Anthropology.
However, the BZö differs a bit in comparison to the Freedom Party, as it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty but against an EU withdrawal.
Many species had vanished by the end of the nineteenth century, with European settlement.
in 1987, wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame.
dextromethorphan is a white powder in its pure form .
Admission to Tsinghua University is extremely competitive .
today, NRC is an independent, private foundation.
it is located at the coast of the baltic sea , and it encloses the city of stralsund .
he was also named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated .
Fives is a British sport believed to have originated from the same roots as many racquet sports.
throughout thailand, on king bhumibol's birthday, yellow color will be displayed.
both the names of the organization and the museum became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland .
Tagore emulated numerous styles , including craftwork from northern new ireland , haida carvings from the west coast of canada  british columbia  , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate john f. kennedy proposed the concept of the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she performed for president reagan in 1988's great performances at the white house series, which aired on the public broadcasting service.
Perry Saturn won the WWF European Championship by defeating Eddie Guerrero with Chyna at 8:10. Saturn pinned Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
She remained in the United States until 1927, when she and her husband returned to France.
despina was discovered in late July, 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe.
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he also completed two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
at the Voyager 2 images of Ophelia, she appears as an elongated object, the major axis pointing towards Uranus.
the british decided to eliminate him and take the land by force .
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in the South-East Corner of Western Australia, between the South Australian Border and Caiguna don't follow official Western Australian Time.
In architectural decoration, small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays, which have been used to decorate walls, furniture and boxes.
the other cities on the palos verdes peninsula include rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
clank asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark in an effort to stop drek .
It is not actually a true louse .
He advocates applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles, and also works towards popularizing interaction design as a mainstream discipline.
it is theoretically possible that the other editors who reported you and the administrator who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they have never met in person.
Working group I: assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
the island chain is part of the hebrides , which are separated from the mainland and the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on july 12 , 2008 .
the minor planet center is a branch of the iau that oversees number-name combinations for formal minor planets .
Wind shear began to dramatically increase by early on september 30, and a weakening trend began.
each entry has a datum which is a copy of the datum in some backing store .
as a result , both men and women must adhere to these guidelines when attending a mosque .
it is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , published in 1991 .
Ryan Prosser was born on July 10, 1988 and is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
it consists of four reports - three of them from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris, and their grandson pierre joliot, who was named after pierre curie, is a noted biochemist.
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of victoria's reign , and vast quantities were printed .
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts promotion billed as the world's first mma league .
giardia lamblia is synonymous with lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonizes and reproduces in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
aside from this, Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions, such as Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War, in which he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
this area east of the mouth of the vistula river was later sometimes called " prussia proper ".
after graduating, he returned to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra.
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew and the gospel of luke .
Weelkes was later to find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behavior.
so far, the ' celebrity ' episodes have included vic reeves, nancy sorrell, gaby roslin, scott mills, mark chapman, simon gregson, sue cleaver, carol thatcher, paul o'grady, and lee ryan.
It was discovered by Stephen P. Synnott in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5, 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter.
Gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show, hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
On 16 June 2009, the official release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website.
he is also a member of another jungiery boyband, 183 club.
the apostolic tradition , attributed to the theologian hippolytus , states that early christian agape feasts should include the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain .
in return for pledging fealty to charles , Rollo swore to defend the northern region of France against the incursions of other Viking groups .
It is derived from Voice of America's special English programming.
he received a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones, presented to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple.
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft .
Hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.
it is the bohemian switzerland in the czech republic.
this leads to consumer confusion when 220,000,000 bytes is referenced as 1 megabyte instead of 1 mib .
The incident has been the subject of numerous reports on ethics in scholarship.
they are castrated in order to make the animal more docile or to put on weight more quickly .
seventh sons have strong "knacks" specific magical abilities and seventh sons of seventh sons are both extraordinarily rare and powerful.
benchmarking conducted by passmark software found that the 2009 version took 52 seconds to install , 32 seconds to scan , and used 7mb of memory .
Volterra is a town in the Tuscany region of Italy.
historically , the sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other until recently , where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain , but exhibits notable differences .
the tongue is sticky because of glycoprotein-rich mucous and it helps to catch ants and termites by sticking to them.
the tram derailed on 30 may 2006 at starr gate loop during previous trials.
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson outside the ground .
to take the square root of the variance , multiply the variance by itself a number of times.
Volunteers provided food , blankets , water , children's toys , massages , and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium .
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France.
if there are no strong land use controls , buildings are built along a bypass , turning it into an ordinary town road and eventually becoming congested like the local streets it was intended to avoid .
it is also a starting point for people wanting to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises often cause pain, but they're not usually dangerous.
none of the authors , contributors , sponsors , administrators , vandals , or anyone else connected with wikipedia can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages .
he also served as kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover, who eventually became George I of Great Britain.
their eyes are quite small and their visual acuity is poor.
they are only rivaled as biological materials in toughness by chitin .
Oregano is an indispensable ingredient in greek cuisine .
Tickets can be retailed for national rail services, the docklands light railway, and on oyster card.
these works he produced and published himself , with the majority of his woodcuts being commissioned work .
the historical method is the techniques and guidelines by which historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and write history .
the weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .
as of 2000, the population was 89,148.
Aliteracy is the state of being able to read but not being interested in doing so.
Mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound used as a pharmaceutical.
it will then dislodge itself and sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
furthermore, research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, and care about.
today , his father has become a hearty supporter of him and regards himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans .
Shortly after attaining Category 4 status, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage .
convinced that the grounds were haunted , they wrote a book about it in 1911 , under the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he settled in london and devoted himself chiefly to practical teaching .
brunstad has several fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, coffee bar, and its own grocery store.
he left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region .
In 1438, Trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of Perugia, and thenceforth its history merged first with that of the states of the church, then in 1860 with the United Kingdom of Italy.
the depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation devoid of convection ; and dissipated the next day over brazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in New York City that existed from 1952 to 1995.
The current lineup of the band comprises Flynn vocals, guitar, Duce bass, Phil Demmel guitar, and Dave MacClain drums.
countries with a minority muslim population are more likely to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation than muslim-majority countries in the greater middle east.
The characters are extensions of their earlier characters, Pete and Dud.
he was also the original bassist for the swedish power metal band hammerfall, but quit before the band ever released a studio album.
Culver ran for secretary of state in 1998 and was victorious .
in 1990 , mark messier beat out Ray Bourque by a margin of two votes - the difference being a single first-place vote .
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he defies that law , and unintentionally initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home , forcing their premature migration , and his separation from them .
The female equivalent is a daughter .
he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in april 1999 .
before the arrival of the storm , the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the Outer Banks.
speed chess is the form of chess played in which each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game .
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 Gwangju massacre.
severe damage extended up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .
These computers are metaphorically compared to zombies because the owner tends to be unaware of them.
the wave traveled across the atlantic , and formed into a tropical depression off the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .
for example, the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated annually.
The four canonical texts are the gospel of Matthew, gospel of Mark, gospel of Luke, and gospel of John. They were probably written between AD 65 and 100, and see also the gospel according to the Hebrews.
Since the end of the 19th century, eschelbronn has been well known for its furniture manufacturing industry.
The upper half of the flag also resembles the coat of arms of the former district of Oberbarnim.
Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane .
their participation is limited until they reach legal adulthood .
Development stable releases are rare, but there are often subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use.
in 1482, the order dispatched him to florence, the ‘city of his destiny’.
in the Soviet years , the Bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov 's principal landmarks - St. Alexey Nevsky Cathedral  in 1908 and St. George Cathedral in Nakhichevan  in 1783-1807 .
he died on may 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
This was demonstrated in the Miller-Urey experiment by Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey in 1953.
cogeneration is the use of a heat engine or a power station to simultaneously generate both electricity and useful heat .
on occasion, a male " den master " will also allow a second male into the den ; the reason for this is unclear .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript and / or a css snippet that you can enable simply by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
Here are some useful links to facilitate your involvement.
he served as the prime minister of egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948 .
she was left behind explanations for this vary when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland.
James I appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal in 1615 and he served as an organist until his death in 1642.
chauvin was initially embarrassed to receive his award and indicated that he may not accept it .
later , Esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as ends in themselves, even if Esperanto is never adopted by the United Nations or other international organizations.
deep convection was eroded by dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone by early on september 12 .
he is an american novelist .
she was the longtime companion and, for a brief time, wife of Adolf Hitler.
each version of the license has a distinguishing version number .
most irc servers do not require users to register an account but a user will need to set a nickname before being connected .
that year he also received a mechanics certificate , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York City .
Summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), which will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
he is usually portrayed as being bald with long whiskers and is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
Some animals have chromatic response, changing color in changing environments, either seasonally or more rapidly with chromatophores in their integument - the cephalopod family.
val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the wwf intercontinental championship at 14:10 venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a television camera.
this is similar to the unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces .
he is from a musical family ; his mother , Larue , was an administrative assistant and singer , and his father , Keith Brion , was a band director at Yale .
The largest populations of Menonites are in Canada, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and the United States, but Menonites can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents.
naas is a major " Dublin suburb " town, with many people living there and working in Dublin.
acanthopholis' armour consisted of oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin, with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area, along the spine.
Origin irmo was chartered on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
Conversely, bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the house of lords.
in the years before his final release in 1474 , when he began preparations for the reconquest of wallachia , Vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital .
You may add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version.
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip, Illinois.
bone marrow is the flexible tissue found inside bones.
because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red, reflection nebulae are usually blue. This is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets.
monteux is located in the vaucluse département in southern france , in the area provence-alpes-côte d ' azur .
he starts asking for simple objects to make something to defuse the bomb, but later gets distracted by something usually involving his personal life that makes him run out of time.
This was substantially complete when Messiaen died, and Yvonne Loriod undertook the final movement's orchestration with advice from George Benjamin.
Shi'a Muslims consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca , Medina , Jerusalem and Najaf .
the pad called for the resignation of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat , accusing them of being proxies for thaksin .
However, travel through very remote areas requires advance planning and a suitable, reliable vehicle - usually a four wheel drive.
while at Kahn he was the Chief Architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
he excuses himself and dr. schön leaves .
britpop emerged from the British independent music scene in the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by British guitar pop music from the 1960s and 1970s .
this was absorbed into battalions being formed for the xi international brigade .
the sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines and shorter trains are run .
it has a capacity of 98,772 , making it the eleventh largest stadium in the world and the largest in europe .
in December of 1967, ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of Israel.
some articles are quite lengthy and rich in content while others are shorter and of lesser quality .
There are 95 species currently accepted.
Eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous Australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
oft-heard terms such as " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are in english .
jurisdiction is based on public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society .
he followed this with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , the overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is Aracaju.
despite this, farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
Gumbasia was created in a style taught by Vorkapich called Kinesthetic Film Principles.
Brandon Waise Lee became his idol and MK Sun grew up to be a lawyer.
it is an historic township located near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .
he enlisted in the australian army on June 18th, 2002.
Prospectors from California , Europe and China were also digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes .
Before the advent of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering .
The Kindle 2 features a 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, 20 percent faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud, and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches.
yogurt or yogurt is a dairy product produced by bacterial fermentation of milk .
Seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame , more than any other current position . While only 35 goaltenders have been inducted , this number is likely to change in the near future as several goaltenders are currently being inducted into the hall of fame .
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries, but all were rejected by mainstream christian bodies.
the album was banned from many record stores nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top , and narrow at the ankle .
in late 2004 , suleman pulled Howard Stern 's radio show from four Citadel stations, citing Stern's frequent discussions about his upcoming move to Sirius Satellite Radio.
as of 2002, the company opened twice as many canadian outlets as mcdonald's " wendy's confirms tim hortons ipo by march " , ottawa business journal .
Captain Caleb Holt, Kirk Cameron, and plot captain is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia, and strictly keeps the cardinal rule of all firefighters "never leave your partner behind".
he won the presidential election held on 2 march 2008 with a majority of the popular vote.
the plant is considered a living fossil .
in 1990, she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia.
Stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913 .
Across the nation, protests were suppressed.
offenbach 's numerous operettas, such as Orpheus in the Underworld and La Belle Hélène, were very popular in both France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
roof tiles dating back to the Tang Dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of Chang'an (modern-day Xi'an) and modern-day Xian.
she was an organist , pianist , composer , and pedagogue ; she died on february 13 , 1921 , and on november 11 , 1968 .
by most accounts , the instrument was nearly impossible to control .
Santa Maria Maggiore is the earliest extant church in Assisi .
radar observations indicate a fairly pure iron-nickel composition.
it is a monthly business journal covering the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries worldwide .
he was appointed companion of honour in 1988 .
loèche harbours the installations of onyx, the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
a matchbook is a small folder containing a quantity of matches and having a coarse striking surface on the exterior.
she was among the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking and drug use in pregnant women .
she vowed to never renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
There is a three volume original English-language manga series following graystripe between the time that he was taken by twolegs in dawn and he returned to thunderclan in the sight.
Samovar & Porter 1994, p. 84: Syrians did not congregate in urban enclaves; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis.
he was also famous for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden metalwork furniture .
during childhood she suffered from collapsed lungs twice, she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year, and had a tonsillar cyst.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer at Australian National University has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable, for conserving hollow-dependent species like Leadbeater's possum.
the Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors.
the wood-boring species, especially the first species described from Norway by Rathke in 1799, is called gribble.
The wounds inflicted by a club are generally known as bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
Afterward, the county's administration was conducted at Duns or Lauder until Greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
no skater has yet accomplished a quadruple axel in competition .
from the telephone exchange , the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour , including those in the port jackson district .
even if you enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying , there are still rules that apply .
it is pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is characterized by how much useful work is done by the computer system in comparison to how much time and resources are used .
some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be found along the volga .
the crosier symbolizes the monasteries of the region.
human skin hues can range from very dark brown to very pale pink .
Shorebank bankers from Chicago helped Yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the Ford Foundation .
bremer reported that he planned to put saddam on trial, but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined.
representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association vote for the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
Tajikistan , Turkmenistan , and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan to the north , Iran to the west , Pakistan to the south , and China to the east .
nupedia was founded on march 9, 2000, by bomis, inc., a web portal company.
the design features key-dependent s-boxes and a highly complex key schedule .
Iain Grieve was born on February 19, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana. He is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
The quark model was independently proposed by Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig in 1964.
the fourth ring, which is decorated with golden garlands, was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location.
west berlin had its own postal administration which issued its own postage stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro botticelli, circa 1482.
New South Wales' largest city and capital is Sydney.
the polymer is most often epoxy , but other polymers , such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon , are also sometimes used .
the name survives as a brand for a related digital television channel, digital radio station, and website which have survived the demise of the printed magazine.
he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern italy for the next four years , living in various orphanages and roaming through towns with groups of other homeless children .
during the 1980s and 1990s, stands were eventually added behind each set of goals to modernize the ground .
A town can be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer has a market , provided the right to do so still exists .
Later, a bastion was built on the eastern approaches.
on July 29 — Battle of Stiklestad — Norway 
Olav Haraldsson loses to his pagan vassals and is killed in the battle.
others have theorized that tresca was eliminated by the NKVD as retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union.
this resulted in both montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries .
use html and css markup sparingly and only if it is necessary for the content .
Schuschnigg responded publicly that reports of riots were false .
Addiscombe is a suburb in the London Borough of Croydon, England.
depending on the context , a constituent of a politician means a citizen residing in the area governed , represented , or otherwise served by the politician .
Prunk is a member of the institute of European history in Mainz, and a senior fellow of the center for European integration studies in Bonn.
he also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger.
instead, they fashioned a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the "hovercraft" and shot the scene while riding up templin highway north of santa clarita.
the conference papers were published the next year in a book, microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory, by phelps et al.
Wario Land the Wario Land Series is a platforming series that started with Wario Land : Super Mario Land 3 , a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series.
it is a berceuse for solo piano by frédéric chopin .
these attacks may have been psychological in origin rather than physical .
a historian has stated that " quinine 's efficacy allowed colonists to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa " .
furthermore , spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which suggests a rocky surface composition .
she became the authoritative editor of his works for breitkopf und härtel.
Mercury is similar in appearance to the moon : it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains, has no natural satellites, and no substantial atmosphere.
The town lies in the limmat valley between Baden and Zurich.
These habitats provide excellent chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull habitats.
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was successively ruled by the turkish and afghan governors descending from the delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608 .
the prime minister can stay in office only as long as they retain the support of the lower house .
for Rowling, this scene is important because it shows Harry's bravery, and by retrieving Cedric's corpse, he demonstrates selflessness and compassion.
on june 1 , 1972 , Anthony McGill and fellow raf members jan-carl Raspe and Holger Meins were apprehended after a shootout in frankfurt .
together, they formed new music manchester, a group committed to contemporary music.
the hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper florida keys , with a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affecting the region .
it is now the site of meher baba 's samadhi tomb-shrine as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
the collapsed dome of the main church has been restored completely .
in 2005 , she became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition.
Salem is a city in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States.
Forty-nine pipefish and nine seahorse species have been recorded.
saint martin is a tropical island in the northeast Caribbean , approximately 300 kilometers 186 miles east of Puerto Rico .
because these pdfs contain images , they cannot be distributed without further manipulation .
In April 1862, Ben was arrested on the orders of Police Inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger for participating in an armed robbery whilst in the company of Frank Gardiner.
rain fell across portions of britain on october 5 , resulting in localized accumulation of flood waters .
the software provides a usb installer to create a live usb , where the user's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired .
In approximate relation to the parties ' respective strength in the Federal Assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : - Free Democratic Party (FDP): 2 members - Christian Democratic People's Party (CVP): 2 members - Social Democratic Party (SP): 2 members - Swiss People's Party (SVP): 1 member
a fee is the price one pays for services, such as the honorarium paid to a doctor, lawyer, consultant, or other member of a learned profession.
Ohio State's library system encompasses twenty-one libraries located on its Columbus campus.
in other developments, both iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway , but Scotland was able to repulse a Norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement.
The singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
In April 2000, minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence. However, by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities, and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists.
the body color can vary from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and occasionally , it is marked with dark brown spots , especially on the limbs .
the britannica was originally a scottish enterprise, as symbolized by its thistle logo. The floral emblem of scotland, the britannica was primarily a scottish enterprise.
the warning issued on september 22 covered an area southwards as jose intensified before being canceled soon after landfall on september 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune alleged that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat.
The latter provided audiences with the type of information later provided by subtitles, and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like.
that is because real estate , businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as collateral to finance industrial and commercial expansion .
he bolted from sydney cove several times before he was shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan ordered the police to surrender .
before the game even got underway , the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance hadn't been up to veeck 's usual promotional standard .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now, joss whedon confirmed that " fray is not done, fray is coming back."
a mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics .
The SAT reasoning test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
Civil unrest in northern Italy spawns the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants .
various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations .
his sentence was transportation to australia for seven years.
waugh writes that charles had been " in search of love " when he first met sebastian , finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " ; this metaphor informs the work on a number of levels.
her notorious friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also an important factor in her death .
The term "dorsal" refers to anatomical structures that are either situated towards or grow off that side of an animal.
the term " protein " was coined by berzelius after mulder observed that all proteins had the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of very large molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , they laid low for 16 months avoiding capture .
it is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region of northwestern france .
The color ranges from orange to pale yellow.
in 1963, an extension was added, curving north from union station, below university avenue and queen's park to near bloor street, where it turned west to terminate at st. george and bloor streets.
Before 1980, a section of the Commonwealth Railways Central Australian Line passed along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
it is located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both.
as the largest sub-region in Mesoamerica , it encompassed a vast and varied landscape from the mountainous regions of the Sierra Madre to the semi-arid plains of Northern Yucatán.
google subsequently made the comic available on google books and their site, mentioning it on their official blog along with an explanation for the early release.
anyone may register a pedigree with the college, where they are carefully internally audited and require official proofs before being altered.
the book , political economy , was published in 1985 but it had limited classroom adoption .
he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 and 1994 , performing in moscow and leningrad as well as china and india .
The Napoleonic Wars : Austrian General Mack surrenders his army to the Grand Army of Napoleon at Ulm , reaping Napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers .
it is the economic center of northern nigeria and a center for the production and export of groundnuts.
a majority of south Indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
Meteora earned the band multiple awards and honors.
after a brief stand-off , the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked kane and jericho .
most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .
in the 5th century, Slavs started to move into the area.
many new facilities were constructed on campus from 1900 to 1920, including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, hill auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
it is a city in scott county , illinois , United States.
the name arzashkun seems to be the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka formed from a proper name arzash , which recalls the name arsene , arsissa , applied by the ancients to part of Lake Van .
she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show .
its episodes were broadcast on the abc network from its debut on september 21, 1993 to march 1, 2005.
the latter device can be designed and used in less stringent environments .
Gimnasia hired Francisco Maturana as their first famed colombian trainer, but he had limited success. Julio César Falcioni was then hired, but he also had limited success.
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa, in the United States.
furthermore, she has appeared in several music videos, including "it girl" by john oates and "just lose it" by eminem.
on june 24, 1979, the 750th anniversary of the village of Glinde, it received its town charter.
In 1994, Pauline returned in the game boy remake of Donkey Kong . Later that year, in 2006, she appeared in Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis . However, she is now described as " Mario 's friend ."
the vagina stretches to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth .
it is believed that his real date of birth was between 1935 and 1939 .
This quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance inhibitor is needed to inhibit a given biological process or component of a process, i.e. an enzyme, cell, cell receptor or microorganism.
although the name suggests they are located in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern , portions of the bernese alps are in the adjacent cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
there he had one daughter , later baptized as mary ann fisher power , to ann e  power .
during an interview, edward gorey mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists and lamented the fact that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist.
the string can vibrate in different modes just like a guitar string can and each mode appears as a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
he earned an academy award nomination when he portrayed fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .
