one side of the armed conflicts is mainly made up of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia mostly made up of afro-arab abbala tribes from the northern rizeigat area in sudan.
jeddah is the main gateway to mecca , islam's holiest city , which all muslims are required to visit at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is thought to be a hole in the methane cloud layer of neptune .
his next work , saturday , follows a very active day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord and quickly crawled away to the east while pulling on the cord with all his strength .
he died six weeks later , on 13 january 888 .
they are related to the coastal peoples of papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been given the colin mears award worth £ 5000 .
after the drummers are dancers , who usually play the sogo  a small drum that is almost silent  and usually have more complicated — even acrobatic — choreography .
the spacecraft includes two parts : the nasa cassini orbiter , named after italian-french astronomer giovanni domenico cassini , and the esa huygens probe , named after dutch astronomer , mathematician and physicist christiaan huygens .
alessandro  " sandro "  mazzola was born on 8 november 1942 and is a retired italian football player .
it was originally assumed that the debris from the crash filled in the smaller craters .
graham studied at wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 , and he graduated with a ba in anthropology .
however , the bzö differs from the freedom party , as it is for a referendum about the lisbon treaty but against leaving the eu .
many species disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century , due to european settlement .
in 1987 , wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame .
dextromethorphan usually appears as a white powder .
getting into tsinghua is very hard .
today nrc is organized as a private , independent foundation .
it is located at the baltic sea coast , surrounding the city of stralsund .
he was declared 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated .
fives is a british sport believed to come from the same source as many racquet sports .
for example , since king bhumibol was born on monday , his birthday will be celebrated with yellow decorations around thailand .
both names were removed in 2007 when the national museum of scotland was created .
however , tagore imitated many styles , such as craftwork from northern new ireland , haida carvings from british columbia , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , john f. kennedy suggested the idea of what became the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she played for president reagan in 1988 's great performances at the white house series , which was broadcasted on the public broadcasting service .
perry saturn  with terri  defeated eddie guerrero  with chyna  to win the wwf european championship  8:10  saturn pinned guerrero after a diving elbow drop .
she stayed in the united states until 1927 when she and her husband went back to france .
despina was found in late july , 1989 from the pictures taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship happened on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he also wrote two collections of short stories called the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
voyager 2 images showed ophelia as an elongated object , with its major axis pointing to uranus .
the british chose to remove him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in south-east western australia , between the south australian border and caiguna , do not use official western australian time .
small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays , which have been used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes in architecture .
other cities that are part of the palos verdes peninsula are rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
fearing that drek will ruin the galaxy , clank asks ratchet to help him locate the famous superhero captain qwark , to stop drek .
it is not a louse .
he supports using a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also works to make interaction design a more popular discipline .
it is possible that the other editors and administrator who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone far away they never met in person .
group i : looks at the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain is part of the hebrides , divided from the scottish mainland and the inner hebrides by the turbulent waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife had alanna marie orton on july 12 , 2008 .
official minor planet designations are number-name combinations managed by the minor planet center , a branch of the iau .
wind shear started to increase on early september 30 , beginning the weakening trend .
every entry has a datum  a small piece of data  which is a copy of the datum in some storage area .
therefore , even though some mosques don't enforce violations , men and women must still follow these guidelines when going to a mosque .
mariel of redwall is a fantasy book by brian jacques , released in 1991 .
ryan prosser , born on 10 july 1988 , is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
like before , it consists of four reports , three from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a nuclear physics professor at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot , named after pierre curie , is a famous biochemist .
this stamp stayed the standard letter stamp for the rest of victoria's reign , and many copies were printed .
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts  mma  organization called the world 's first mma league .
giardia lamblia , also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis , is a flagellated protozoan parasite that lives and multiplies in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
aside from this , cameron has done many religious-themed films , such as left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , where he plays cameron " buck " williams .
this was the region east of the vistula river , later called " prussia proper " .
after graduating , he went back to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and was later appointed artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the bible's stories found in the gospel of matthew and luke .
weelkes later got himself into trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and bad behavior .
so far , the ' celebrity ' episodes have featured vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
stephen p. synnott found it in images from the voyager 1 probe taken on march 5 , 1979 while orbiting jupiter .
gomaespuma was a spanish radio show , hosted by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser .
the official release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website on 16 june 2009.
he is also in another jungiery boyband 183 club .
hippolytus' writing , the apostolic tradition , shows that hallel psalms were sung with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts .
in exchange , rollo swore loyalty to charles , became a christian , and promised to protect the northern area of france from viking invasions .
it comes from voice of america  voa  special english .
disney got a full-size oscar statuette and seven small ones , given to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid found by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is a district in the canton of graubünden , switzerland .
it is now called bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .
this causes customer confusion when 220  1,048,576  bytes is called 1 mb  megabyte  rather than 1 mib .
numerous reports have discussed the ethics of scholarship related to the incident .
they are castrated so that the animal is calmer or gains weight faster .
seventh sons have special " knacks "  magical powers  , and seventh sons of seventh sons are both very rare and powerful .
benchmarking done by passmark software shows the 2009 version 's 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory use .
volterra is a town in tuscany, Italy .
traditionally , itch and pain were considered the same , but recently , it was discovered that they have some features in common but also some differences .
the tongue is sticky due to glycoprotein-rich mucous , which lubricates the in and out movement of the snout and enables it to catch ants and termites , which stick to it .
the same tram had derailed before on 30 may 2006 at starr gate loop during tests .
statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers , can be seen outside the ground .
find the square root of the variance .
volunteers gave food , blankets , water , children's toys , massages , and a live rock band performance to those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in northwestern france .
if there are no land use regulations , buildings can be built along a bypass , turning it into a normal town road , and it can eventually become as crowded as the streets it was meant to avoid .
it is also an entry point for those wanting to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises hurt but are usually not dangerous .
no one connected with wikipedia can be held responsible for your use of the information on or linked from these web pages .
george frideric handel also served as kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover  who later became george i of great britain  .
their eyes are small and their vision is not good .
chitin is the only material tougher than them biologically .
oregano is essential in greek cuisine .
tickets can be purchased for national rail services , the docklands light railway and with oyster card .
he created and released these works himself , while his bigger woodcuts were mostly requested jobs .
historians use the historical method to research and write history with primary sources and other evidence .
the weight of the continental icecap on lake vostok is thought to help create the high oxygen concentration .
in 2000 , the population was 89,148 .
aliteracy , also spelled alliteracy , is the ability to read but lack of interest in it .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid drug used as a medicine .
it will then go back to the river bed and digest its food while waiting for its next meal .
additionally , studies have shown children are less likely to report a crime that involves someone they know , trust , and / or care about .
now , landis ' father is a strong supporter of his son and considers himself one of floyd 's biggest fans .
after becoming a category 4 storm , the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged .
the equilibrium price of a certain type of labor is the wage .
believing that the grounds were haunted , they decided to publish their discoveries in a book an adventure  1911  , under the names of elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he moved to london and focused on teaching .
brunstad has many fast food restaurants , a cafeteria , coffee bar , and a grocery store .
he assigned 11,000 troops to guard the newly conquered region .
in 1438 trevi became part of the legation of perugia under the church's temporal rule , and afterwards its history was linked with the states of the church , then  1860  with the united kingdom of italy .
it moved inland on the 20th without convection , and was gone the next day over brazil , causing heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was a law enforcement agency in new york city from 1952 to 1995 .
the band's current lineup is flynn  vocals , guitar  , duce  bass  , phil demmel  guitar  , and dave mcclain  drums  .
countries with a small muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries of the greater middle east to use mosques to encourage civic engagement .
the characters are profane versions of their old characters pete and dud .
johan was the original bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but left before the band released a studio album .
in 1998 , culver won the election for iowa secretary of state .
in 1990 , mark messier won the hart over ray bourque by two votes , due to one first-place vote .
shade's reckless disobedience of the law starts the main plot of the novel , resulting in the destruction of his colony's home , their early migration , and his separation from them .
the female version is a daughter .
he was diagnosed with incurable abdominal cancer in april 1999 .
before the storm , the national park service shut down visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks .
the chess played is speed chess with twelve minutes for the whole game .
the amazon basin is the area drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two former presidents were later indicted for mutiny and treason due to their involvement in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
moderate to severe damage was seen along the atlantic coastline and inland to west virginia .
since the owner is usually unaware , these computers are compared to zombies metaphorically .
the wave went across the atlantic , and became a tropical depression off the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .
the associated press stylebook is updated yearly .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , mark , luke and john , likely written between ad 65 and 100  see also the gospel according to the hebrews  .
since the late 1800s , eschelbronn has been known for its furniture industry .
the upper half looks like the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
unlike earth's clouds , which are made of ice crystals , neptune's cirrus clouds are composed of frozen methane crystals .
their involvement is restricted until they become adults .
stable releases are rare , but there are often subversion snapshots that are stable enough to use .
in 1482 the order sent him to florence , the ‘ city of his destiny ’ .
during the soviet era , the bolsheviks destroyed two of rostov's important landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral  1908  and st george cathedral in nakhichevan  1783-1807  .
he passed away on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , spain and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .
stanley l. miller and harold c. urey demonstrated this in the miller-urey experiment in 1953 .
cogeneration , or combined heat and power (CHP) , is the use of a power station or heat engine to generate both electricity and heat at the same time .
sometimes the male " den master " will let a second male into the den ; the reason is unknown .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript and / or css snippet that you can turn on by checking a setting in your wikipedia preferences .
here are some helpful links to help you get involved .
he was the prime minister of egypt from 1945 to 1948 .
she was left when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland , and the reasons for this vary .
james i appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal , and he worked as an organist there from 1615 until his death .
chauvin was embarrassed by his award and initially said he may not accept it .
later , esperanto speakers began to appreciate the language and the culture that had grown around it , even if esperanto isn't accepted by the united nations or other international organizations .
dry air surrounding the southern side of the cyclone destroyed most of the deep convection by early on september 12 .
calvin baker is a novelist .
eva braun , born eva hitler , 6 february 1912 – 30 april 1945  was the longtime companion and , for a short time , wife of adolf hitler .
every version of the license is given a different version number .
irc servers usually don't need users to register an account , but users have to set a nickname before joining .
he also earned a mechanics certificate that year , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
summerslam  2009  is a professional wrestling pay-per-view event created by world wrestling entertainment  wwe  , which will be happening on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles , california .
usually shown as bald , with long whiskers , he is thought to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
some animals can change color in changing environments , either seasonally  ermine , snowshoe hare  or faster with chromatophores  the cephalopod family  .
val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to keep the wwf intercontinental championship  14:10 , he pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera .
this is similar to the unix philosophy of having many programs do one job well and working together through universal interfaces .
his family was musical ; his mother , larue , was an administrative assistant and singer , and his father , keith brion , was a band director at yale .
the biggest populations of mennonites are in canada , democratic republic of congo and the usa , but they also live in small communities in 51 countries on six continents or as part of the population of those countries .
naas is a prominent " dublin suburb " town , with lots of people living in naas and working in dublin .
the armour of acanthopholis was made up of oval plates set close to horizontally into the skin , with spikes coming out from the neck and shoulder area , and along the spine .
origin irmo was founded on christmas eve in 1890 due to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills , however , start in the house of lords .
before he was released in 1474 , vlad lived with his wife in a house in the hungarian capital while preparing for the reconquest of wallachia .
you can add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text , and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text , to the end of the list of cover texts in the changed version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is the soft tissue found inside bones .
reflection nebulae appear blue because blue light is scattered more efficiently than red , the same way that blue skies and red sunsets occur .
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse département of southern france , in the provence-alpes-côte d ' azur region .
macgruber attempts to make something to defuse the bomb with simple objects , but he is later distracted by his personal life and runs out of time .
messiaen had finished most of it , and yvonne loriod orchestrated the final movement with help from george benjamin .
shi ' a muslims view karbala as one of their holiest cities besides mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
the pad demanded the resignation of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat , whom the pad said were working for thaksin .
however , travelling through very isolated areas on tracks needs advanced planning and a suitable , dependable car usually a four wheel drive .
at kahn he was the chief architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he apologizes and leaves for rehearsal, and he and dr. schön depart .
britpop developed from the british independent music scene of the early 1990s and was defined by bands inspired by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
these were added to battalions being formed for xi international brigade .
the sheppard line has fewer riders than the other two subway lines , and it runs shorter trains .
it has a capacity of 98,772 , the biggest in europe and the eleventh largest worldwide .
in december 1967 , ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by israel .
some articles are long and detailed , while others are shorter and of lower quality .
there are about 95 species currently accepted .
eugowra is said to be named after an aboriginal word meaning " the place where the sand slides down the hill " .
words like " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are common in english .
jurisdiction is based on public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the authority of the executive and legislative branches to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society .
afterwards , he wrote several other pieces about hiawatha , such as the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is aracaju .
yet , farrenc was paid less than her male colleagues for almost ten years .
gumbasia was made using a style called kinesthetic film principles that vorkapich taught .
brandon waise lee , a lawyer , became his idol , and mk sun grew up to be a lawyer as well .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an old township near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .
donaldson joined the australian army on 18 june 2002 .
prospectors from california , europe and china were also digging near the peel river and on the mountain slopes .
before pocket calculators were available , it was the most popular calculation tool in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 has 16-level grayscale display , better battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , text-to-speech option to read the text , and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  .
yoghurt is a dairy product made through bacterial fermentation of milk .
there are 75 defencemen in the hall of fame , more than any other current position , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
other opinions on the matter have been suggested throughout the years , but all were declined by mainstream christian groups .
the album was banned from many stores across the country .
the legs are wide at the top and thin at the ankle .
in late 2004 , suleman removed howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations , due to stern 's frequent discussions about his move to sirius satellite radio .
the company opened twice as many canadian outlets than mcdonald's and had higher system-wide sales than mcdonald's Canadian operations by 2002.
captain caleb holt  kirk cameron  is a firefighter in albany , georgia and follows the main fireman rule of " never leave your partner behind " .
he won the presidential election on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the popular vote .
this plant is considered a living fossil .
in 1990 , she was the only female performer allowed to play in saudi arabia .
stravinsky had the idea of writing the ballet in 1913 .
protests were suppressed .
offenbach's many operettas , like orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène , were very famous in both france and the english-speaking countries during the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles from the tang dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the old city of chang ' an  now xian  .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux  ( february 13 , 1921 - november 11 , 1968 ) was a french organist , pianist , composer , and teacher .
most said that the instrument was hard to control .
santa maria maggiore  st. mary the greater  is the oldest existing church in assisi .
radar observations show that it has a mainly iron-nickel composition .
railway gazette international is a monthly business magazine about railways , metros , light rails and trams around the world .
he was given the companion of honour  ch  in 1988 .
loèche holds the systems of onyx , the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small cardboard holder  matchcover  with a bunch of matches and a rough striking surface outside .
she objected to cigarette smoking near children and drug use in pregnant women .
she defiantly vowed to never renounce the commune , and challenged the judges to sentence her to death .
there is a three-volume manga series about graystripe , which follows him between the time he was taken by twolegs in dawn and his return to thunderclan in the sight .
syrians did not live together in cities ; many of the immigrants who had been peddlers were able to meet americans daily .
he was also well-known for his prints , book covers , posters , and metal furniture for gardens .
she suffered from collapsed lungs twice in childhood , had pneumonia 4-5 times a year , a ruptured appendix , and a tonsillar cyst .
dr. david lindenmeyer from the australian national university has argued that the need for nest boxes shows that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable for protecting hollow-dependent species like leadbeater's possum.
the montreal canadiens are a pro ice hockey team from montreal , quebec , canada .
small value inductors can be made on integrated circuits with the same processes used for transistors .
the name gribble was originally given to the wood-boring species , especially the first species described from norway by rathke in 1799 , limnoria lignorum .
wounds caused by a club are usually called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
afterwards the county 's administration was done at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has done a quadruple axel in competition yet .
from the phone exchange , the port jackson district commandant could talk to all military bases on the harbour .
however , even to those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without praying , there are still rules that apply .
it is said to have a pointed face and be the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by the amount of useful work done by a computer system in relation to the time and resources used .
some of the biggest reservoirs in the world are on the volga .
the crosier represents the monasteries of the area .
human skin colors can range from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , aided yunus in the official formation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer announced that saddam would be tried , but stated that the details of the trial had not been decided yet .
the professional hockey writers' association vote for the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan border afghanistan to the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south , and china to the east .
nupedia was founded on march 9 , 2000 , owned by bomis , inc , a web portal company .
the design has key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule .
iain grieve , born on 19 february 1987 in jwaneng , botswana , is a rugby union back-rower for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
other close settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
murray gell-mann and george zweig proposed the quark model in 1964 .
the fourth ring was decorated with golden garlands and added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its current location .
west berlin had its own postal system , apart from west germany 's , and released its own postage stamps until 1990 .
sandro botticelli painted the primavera in c. 1482.
the largest city and capital of new south wales is sydney .
the polymer is usually epoxy , but other polymers , such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon , are sometimes used .
the name continues as a brand for a related digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which are still active after the magazine stopped printing .
at four-and-a-half years old , he had to take care of himself on the streets of northern italy for the next four years , living in orphanages and roaming through towns with other homeless children .
stands were later added behind each set of goals in the 1980s and 1990s as the ground was modernized .
a town can still be called a market town or have market rights even if it does not hold a market , if the right to do so still exists .
a bastion was built on the eastern approaches later .
on july 29 , olav haraldsson was killed in the battle of stiklestad in norway when he was defeated by his pagan vassals .
some suggest that tresca was killed by the nkvd as revenge for criticizing the stalin government of the soviet union .
this caused montenegro and serbia to become independent countries .
use html and css markup only when necessary .
schuschnigg quickly said that reports of riots were false .
addiscombe is a neighborhood in croydon , england .
depending on the context , another closely-related meaning of constituent is a person who lives in the area governed , represented , or served by a politician ; sometimes this applies only to citizens who voted for the politician .
prunk is a part of the institute of european history in mainz , and a senior fellow at the center for european integration studies in bonn .
stallone had a cameo in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead , the crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm connected to the " hovercraft " and filmed the scene while driving on templin highway north of santa clarita .
the conference papers were released the following year in a bookmicroeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al .
The Wario Land series is a platforming series that began with Wario Land : Super Mario Land 3 , a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series .
frédéric chopin 's opus 57 is a berceuse for piano .
these attacks may have been mental rather than physical .
a historian said that " quinine 's effectiveness allowed colonists to move into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa ".
additionally , spectroscopic studies have detected hydrated minerals and silicates , which point to a stony surface composition .
she edited her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel.
mercury looks like the moon : it has many craters , flat areas , no moons , and no significant atmosphere .
the town is located in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
these areas offer good habitat for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was ruled by the turkish and afghan governors from the delhi sultanate until the mughals arrived in 1608 .
the prime minister stays in office only if they keep the lower house's support .
for rowling , this scene is significant because it illustrates harry's courage , and by carrying cedric's body , he shows selflessness and compassion .
on june 1 , 1972 , he and two other raf members , jan-carl raspe and holger meins , were caught after a long shootout in frankfurt .
together they created new music manchester , a group dedicated to contemporary music .
the intense hurricane caused lots of damage in the upper florida keys , with a storm surge of 18-20 feet .
it is now the location of meher baba's samadhi tomb-shrine and facilities and housing for pilgrims .
the collapsed dome of the main church has been fully restored .
in 2005 , meissner became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in a contest .
salem is a city in massachusetts , usa .
49 species of pipefish and 9 species of seahorse have been found .
saint martin is a tropical island in the northeast caribbean , about 300 km  186 miles  away from puerto rico .
these pdfs can not be shared without further manipulation if they have images .
in april 1862 , ben was taken into custody on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger for joining an armed robbery with frank gardiner .
heavy rain fell across parts of britain on october 5 , leading to local flooding .
version 2009.1 has a usb installer to create a live usb , where the user can save their configuration and data if they choose to .
based on their strength in the federal assembly , the seats were given out like this : free democratic party  fdp  : 2 members , christian democratic people 's party  cvp  : 2 members , social democratic party  sp  : 2 members , and swiss people 's party  svp  : 1 member .
a fee is the cost paid for services , particularly the honorarium paid to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other professional .
ohio state has twenty-one libraries on its columbus campus .
additionally , iceland and greenland accepted norway's authority , but scotland was able to stop a norse invasion and negotiate a beneficial peace agreement .
the singles from the album were " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in april 2000 , minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence , but since then , other operating systems had surpassed its features , and it stayed mainly an operating system for students and hobbyists .
the body color can be medium brown , gold-ish , or beige-white , and it can sometimes have dark brown spots , especially on the limbs .
the britannica was mainly a scottish business , as represented by its thistle logo , the floral symbol of scotland .
the warning issued on september 22 was extended southwards as jose strengthened , before being canceled after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune reported that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the beginning of combat .
the latter gave people the information that intertitles later provided , which helps historians imagine what the movie could have been like .
this is because the assets in the underground economies of the third world can not be used as collateral to borrow money for industrial and commercial growth .
he escaped from sydney cove multiple times until he was shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan went to the police camp , demanding surrender .
before the second game began , the press said that the " midget-in-a-cake " act was not up to veeck's usual promotional standard .
joss whedon said in a video promoting the charity equality now that " fray is not done , fray is coming back .
a mutant is a fictional character in marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test , formerly known as the scholastic aptitude test and scholastic assessment test , is a test for college admissions in the united states .
civil unrest in northern italy created the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering groups of flagellants .
reports say that certain factors can lead to paralysis and hallucinations .
he was sentenced to transportation to australia for seven years .
waugh writes that charles was " looking for love " when he first saw sebastian , finding " a small door in the wall ... that opened to a secret garden " , a metaphor that is used in the work in various ways.
her relationship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was significant in her life .
the term dorsal refers to structures located on or growing from that side of an animal .
berzelius created the word "protein" after mulder noticed that all proteins had the same formula and might be made of one large molecule.
after the jerilderie raid , the gang hid for 16 months to avoid being caught .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in france's calvados department in the basse-normandie region .
its color is from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 an extension was built , going north from union station , under university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street , then west to end at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , a stretch of the commonwealth railways central australian line ran along the western side of the simpson desert .
it is on an old portage trail that goes west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are usually at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both .
as the biggest sub-region in mesoamerica , it included a wide variety of landscapes , from the mountainous sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google made the comic available on google books and their site and mentioned it on its official blog with an explanation for the early release .
one can register a pedigree with the college , which must be audited and have official proofs before being changed .
the book , political economy , was released in 1985 , but had little classroom use .
he toured with the ipo in 1990 and 1994 , performing in the soviet union , china , and india .
during the napoleonic wars , austrian general mack surrendered his army to napoleon's grand army at ulm , resulting in napoleon gaining over 30,000 prisoners and 10,000 casualties on the austrians.
it has been an economic centre of northern nigeria for a long time , and a place for the making and exporting of groundnuts .
most south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora won the band multiple awards and honors .
after a short stand-off , the wwf cavalry attacked kane and jericho .
richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman wrote most of the songs .
in the 5th century slavs began to move into the area .
from 1900 to 1920 many new structures were built on campus , such as for dental and pharmacy programs , a chemistry building , a building for natural sciences , hill auditorium , large hospital and library complexes , and two dorms .
winchester is a city in illinois , usa .
arzashkun seems to be the assyrian version of an armenian name ending in -ka, which is derived from the name arzash , which is similar to the name arsene, arsissa , used by the ancients for part of lake van .
out of 16,421 participants in the national casting , she was picked as one of the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show .
its episodes were shown on abc from september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
the latter device can then be created and used in less demanding environments .
gimnasia hired francisco maturana and julio césar falcioni , both of whom had limited success .
brighton is a city in washington county , iowa .
in addition , she appeared in several music videos , such as " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24 1979 , to celebrate the 750th anniversary of the village , glinde was given its town charter .
pauline came back in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 , and again in mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , though she is now referred to as " mario 's friend " .
the vagina is very stretchy and can expand to many times its normal size during childbirth .
his exact date of birth was never recorded , but it is believed to be sometime between 1935 and 1939 .
this measurement shows how much of a drug or other substance (an inhibitor) is needed to reduce a biological process (like an enzyme, cell, cell receptor, or microorganism) by half.
even though the name implies they are in the bernese oberland area of the canton of bern , parts of the bernese alps are in the neighboring cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
there he had one daughter , later called mary ann fisher power , to ann  e  power .
edward gorey said in an interview that bawden was one of his favorite artists , regretting that few people remembered or knew about him .
the string can vibrate in different ways just like a guitar string can make different notes , and each mode looks like a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable also got an academy award nomination for his role as fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .
