one side of the armed conflicts is made up mostly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group that is mainly made up from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
jeddah is the principal gateway to Mecca , Islam 's holiest city , which able-bodied Muslims are required to visit at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is thought to represent a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune .
his next work, saturday, follows an especiallyeventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord and, attaching it to the ball , crawled away quickly to the east , pulling on the cord with all his strength .
there he died six weeks later on 13 January 888 .
they are culturally similar to the coastal people of papua new Guinea .
since 2000 , the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been presented with the colin mears award to the value of £ 5000 .
following the drummers are dancers , who often play the somo a small drum that makes almost no sound and tend to have more simple — even acrobatic — choreography .
the spacecraft consists of two main elements : the nasa cassini orbiter named after the Italian-French astronomer Giovanni Domenico Cassini and the Dutch explorer Christiaan Huygens probe named after the Dutch scientist, mathematician and physicist Christiaan Huygens.
alessandro " sandro " mazzola was born on 8 November 1942 and is an Italian former football player.
it was thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
he attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943 , when he graduated with a b in anthropology .
however, the bzö differs from the freedom party in some ways, as it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon treaty but against an eu-withdrawal .
many species of animals had gone extinct by the end of the nineteenth century , with European settlement .
in 1987, wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame .
in its pure form , dextromethorphan occurs as a white powder .
admission to tsinghua is extremely difficult .
today NRC is organized as an independent, private foundation .
it is located at the coast of the Baltic Sea, enclosing the city of Stralsund .
he was named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports Illustrated .
fives is a sport related to racquet sports that is believed to derive from the same origins as many other sports
for example, king Bhumibol was born on Monday , so throughout Thailand will be decorated with yellow colors .
both names were deprecated in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland.
however, tagore typically followed a variety of styles , including work from northern new zealand , haida carvings from the west coast of Canada  , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate john F. Kennedy proposed the concept of the peace corps on the steps of the michigan statehouse .
she performed for president reagan in 1988 's great performances at the white house series , which aired on the public broadcasting service .
perry saturn with Terri defeated Eddie Guerrero with Chyna to win the wwf european championship at 8:10 on saturn's pinned Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
she remained in the United States until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France .
despina was discovered in late July, 1989 by the Voyager 2 probe.
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he also completed two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious tales and seven strange and ghostly tales .
at the voyager 2 images of ophelia appears as an elongated object , the major axis pointing towards uranus .
the British decided to eliminate him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia don't follow official western australian time .
small pieces of colorful and iridescent shell are used as architectural decoration , which is used to create mosaics and inlays on walls , furniture and boxes .
the other incorporated cities on the palos verdes peninsula include rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
fearing that drek will destroy the galaxy , clank asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark , in an effort to stop drek .
it's not actually a real louse .
he advocates applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also tries to popularize interaction design as a mainstream discipline .
it is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you, and the administrator who blocked you, are part of a conspiracy against someone who has never met them in person .
working group i is responsible for assessing scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain makes up part of the hebrides, which are separated from the scottish mainland and from the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the little minch, the little minch and the sea of the hebrides.
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on July 12, 2008
formal minor planet designations are numbers that are overseen by the minor planet center , a branch of the iau .
by early on September 30 , wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began .
each entry has a date a nugget of data  which is a copy of the date in some backing store .
as a result , although many mosques will not enforce violations , both men and women when attending a mosque must adhere to these guidelines .
she is a fantasy novel by brian jacques published in 1991 .
ryan prosser was born on 10 July 1988 and is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
like the previous assessment reports , it contains four reports , three of which are from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of Paris , and their grandson pierre Joliot is a noted biochemist .
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of victoria 's reign , and vast quantities were printed .
the international Fight League was an American mixed martial arts MMA promotion billed as the world's first MMA league .
giardia lamblia is a type of flagellated protozoan that colonises and reproduces in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
aside from this , cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions , among them the post-rapture films left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he plays cameron " buck " williams .
this was the area east of the mouth of the vistula River , later sometimes called " prussia proper " .
after graduating from college, he returned to Yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew , namely - and the gospel of luke , specifically - .
weelkes was later in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and excessive behavior .
so far, the 'celebrity' episodes have included Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simongregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady and Lee Ryan.
it was discovered by Stephen P. Synnott in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5 , 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show, hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
on 16 June 2009, the release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website .
he is also a member of another boyband that goes by the name of 183 .
the apostolic tradition, attributed to the theologian Hippolytus , attests the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early christian apathetic feasts .
in return, Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and undertook to protect the northern region of France against the incursions of other Viking groups.
it is a type of voice of america that is a type of special English
disney received a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , presented to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden , Switzerland .
it continues as the Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic .
this leads to confusion when 220,048,576 bytes is referenced as 1 Mb instead of 1 Mb .
the incident has been the subject of many reports as to ethics in scholarship .
so that the animal may be easier to control or may put on more weight quickly .
seventh sons have special magical abilities and are very rare and powerful .
benchmarking was conducted by passmark software to highlight the 2009 version's 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 megabyte memory utilization .
volterra is a town in the Tuscany region of Italy .
historically, it was found that itch and pain share a few similarities , but there are some notable differences between them .
because of the glycoprotein-rich mucous , the tongue is sticky and helps to move food and insects around the mouth and nose , as well as catching ants and termites .
the same tram derailed on 30 may 2006 at Starr Gate Loop during previous trials .
there are statues of siralframsey and sir bob robson , both former Ipswich town and England managers, outside the ground .
take the square root of the variation .
volunteers provided food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern France .
if there are no strong land uses controls , buildings are built along a bypass , which becomes an ordinary road , and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid .
it is also a starting point for people wanting to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises often cause pain but are not typically dangerous .
none of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, vandals, or anyone else associated with wikipedia, in any way whatsoever, can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages .
he also served as kapellmeister for George, elector of Hanover who eventually became George I of Great Britain
their eyes are small and their vision is poor .
they are the most resilient biological materials in the world, rivaled only by chitin .
oregano is an essential ingredient in greek cuisine .
tickets can be retailed for national rail services and the docklands light railway .
these works he produced and published himself , whilst his much larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned .
the historical method involves the techniques and guidelines used by historians in order to research and then to write history .
the weight of the continental icecap sitting on top oflake vostok is thought to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .
as of 2000 , the population was 89,148 .
aliteracy is the state of being able to read but not enjoy it .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid that is used as a pharmaceutical .
once it has finished digesting its prey, it will then rise and migrate back up the river bed to wait for its next meal .
furthermore, research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that he or she knows, trusts, and / or cares about .
today, landis ' father has become a vociferous supporter of his son and regards himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans .
quickly after achieving category 4 status , the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged .
the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage .
convinced that the grounds were haunted, they decided to publish their findings in a book under the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont.
he settled in London , devoted himself chiefly to practical teaching.
brunstad has several fast food restaurants and a cafeteria-style restaurant , as well as its own grocery store.
he left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region .
in 1438, trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia , and thenceforth its history merges with that of the states of the church , then 1860 with the united kingdom of italy .
the depression moved inland on the 20th as a low with no convection , and dissipated the next day over Brazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was an agency in new york city that existed from 1952 to 1995 .
the current lineup of the band consists of flynn on vocals, guitar, duce on bass, phil demmel on guitar, and dave mcclain on drums.
advocacy countries with a minority Muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries in the greater middle east to use mosques as a way to promote social and civic participation .
the characters in the novel are foul-mouthed Extensions of their earlier characters Pete and Dud .
johan was the original bassist for the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but he quit before the band ever released a studio album .
in 1998 , culver ran for iowa secretary of state and was victorious .
in 1990 , mark messier won theHart over ray bourque by a margin of two votes , the difference being a single first-place vote .
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he makes an unwise decision and defiance of that law , leading to the destruction of his colony's home and the forced migration of his colonists , and his separation from them
a daughter is a female equivalent .
he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April 1999 .
prior to the storm, the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks .
the form of chess played is speed chess in which each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game .
the amazon basin is the part of south america that is drained by the amazon River and its tributaries .
the two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
moderate to severe damage extended up the Atlantic coast and as far inland as west Virginia .
because the owner is unaware, these computers are commonly compared to zombies .
the wave traveled across the Atlantic Ocean, and organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13
for example , the stylebook of the associated press is updated annually .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke and gospel of john , probably written between 65 and 100 .
since the end of the 19th century, eschelbronn is well known for its furniture manufacturing industry .
the upper half of the building also resembles the coat of arms of the former district ofoberbarnim .
unlike the clouds on earth , however, which are made up of tiny crystals of ice , Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of frozen methane .
their participation is limited until they reach legal adulthood .
development releases are not as common as you might think, but there are often snapshots that are stable enough to use.
finally, in 1482, the order sent him to Florence, the ‘ city of his destiny ’.
in the soviet years , the bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov 's major landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral  1908  and st george cathedral in Nakhichevan  1783-1807 .
he died on may 29 , 1518 in madrid, Spain and was buried in the church of San Benito d' Alcantara .
this was demonstrated in the miller-urey experiment by Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey in 1953 .
cogeneration also uses heat and power to create electricity and useful heat
sometimes the " den master " will allow a second male into the den ; this is unknown why.
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript snippet that you can enable by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
below are some helpful links to help you participate .
he served as the prime minister of egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948 .
when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland, she was left behind .
he was appointed a gentleman of the chapel royal by james i in 1615 until his death .
he was embarrassed to receive his award and initially indicated that he may not take it .
later, Esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that they had grown up around as their own, even if Esperanto never becomes an international organization.
dry air wrapped around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on september 12 .
he is an american novelist
eva anna paula Braun (6 february 1912 – 30 april 1945), commonly known as Eva Braun, was the longtime companion and wife of Adolf Hitler.
each version of the license has a unique number .
most IRC servers do not require users to create an account but users will have to set a nickname before being connected .
that same year he also received a mechanics certificate , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling event produced by world wrestling entertainment wwe , which will take place on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles , california .
usually portrayed as having long whiskers and a bald head, he is said to be an incarnation of the polestar .
some animals have a chromatic response, changing color in different environments , either seasonally or more rapidly with chromatophores in their integument the cephalopod family.
val venis won a steel cage match to retain the wwf Intercontinental Championship at 14:10 by defeating Rikishi after tazz hit Rikishi with a TV camera .
this closely resembles the Unix philosophy of having multiple programs that do one thing well and working together over universal interfaces .
he was from a musical family ; his mother, Larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale.
mennonites make up the largest population of the non-African diaspora in the world, with communities scattered around the world, but they can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries across six continents.
nasa is a major space agency in the united states , with its headquarters in washington D.C.
his armour consisted of square plates set almost horizontally into the skin , with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area , along the spine .
origin irmo was chartered on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railway .
in contrast, bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the house of lords .
in the years leading up to his final release in 1474 , when he began preparations for the reconquest of Wallachia , Vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital .
you can add a passage of up to 5 words as a front-cover text , and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text , to the end of the list of cover texts in the unmodified version .
he is interred in the restvale cemetery in alsip , il .
bone marrow is the flexible tissue that is found inside the hollow interior of bones.
reflection Nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red  this is the same process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets .
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse département in southern France , in the area provence-alpes-côte d'azur .
macgruber starts asking for simple objects to make something to defuse the bomb , but he is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life that makes him run out of time .
this was completed when Maurice Messiaen died, and Yvonne Loriod undertook the orchestration with advice from George Benjamin.
shi ' a Muslims consider karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem and Najaf.
the pad called for the resignation of the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej and Somchai Wongsawat, whom the pad accused of being proxies for Thaksin.
however, travel through very remote areas, on isolated tracks, requires advance planning and a reliable vehicle - usually a four-wheel drive  .
while at Kahn he was chief architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal, and he and dr. schön leave.
britpop emerged from the British independent music scene in the early 1990s and was characterized by bands that were influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
this was absorbed into battalions being formed for xi international brigade .
the sheppard line currently has fewer riders than the other two subway lines , and shorter trains are run .
it has a capacity of 98,772 , making it the largest stadium in europe , and the eleventh largest in the world .
in december , 1967 , ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of israel .
some articles might be quite long and detailed while others might be shorter and less in-depth
about 95 species are currently accepted .
eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill ".
terms like " undies " and " movie " for " movie " are often used in english.
jurisdiction comes from the public international law, conflict of law, constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society.
he followed this up with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , the overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is aracaju .
despite this , farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly 10 years .
gumbasia was created in a style that Vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles .
brandon waise lee became his idol and mk sun grew up to become a lawyer .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historical township located near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .
donaldson enlisted in the australian army on 18 June 2002 .
miners from california , europe and china were also digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes .
before the advent of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used tool in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 features a 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  .
yoghurt or yogurt is a food product that is produced by the bacterial fermentation of milk .
seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame , more than any other current position , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
alternative views on the topic have been proposed throughout the centuries , but all were rejected by mainstream christian bodies .
the album was banned from many stores nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle .
in late 2004 , suleman cut howard stern 's radio show from four stations , citing stern's numerous discussions about his upcoming move to Sirius satellite radio .
the company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's " Wendy's confirms tim hortons' ipo by March " , ottawa business journal , December 1, 2005 , and system-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002 .
plot captain caleb Holt is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia and strictly follows the cardinal rule of all firefighters, " never leave your partner behind " .
he won the presidential election held on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the votes .
the plant is considered a living fossil .
she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia in 1990
orchestrationStravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913 .
protests across the nation were silenced .
offenbach 's many operettas , such as orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène , were extremely popular in both France and the english-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles dating back to the Tang dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of chang ' an ' modern-day xian .
january 13, 1921 was february 11, 1968 , was a french organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
by most accounts , the instrument was nearly impossible to control .
st. mary the greater is the earliest extant church in Assisi .
characteristics Radar observations indicate a single iron-nickel alloy .
railway gazette international is a monthly business journal that covers the railway, metro, light rail, and tram industries worldwide .
he was appointed a Companion of Honour in 1988 .
loèche harbour the installation of onyx , the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small cardboard folder with a coarse striking surface on the exterior , that contains a quantity of matches .
she was one of the first doctors to object to smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women .
definitely , she vowed to never renounce the commune , and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
oel manga series graystripe 's trilogy, which follows graystripe from when he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight, has a three volume original english-language manga series.
samovar & porter, 1994, p. 84, syrians did not congregate in urban enclaves ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis.
he was famous for his art,Prints,book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture .
during her childhood, she had collapsed lungs multiple times, pneumonia 4-5 times, a ruptured appendix, and had a tonsillar cyst.
dr. david lindenmeyer at australian national university has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable , for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum .
the montreal canadians are a professional ice hockey team based in montreal , quebec , and canada .
small values can also be built on integrated circuits using the same manufacturing processes that are used to make transistors .
the term grumble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species , especially the first species described from norway by Rathke in 1799 ,Limnoria lignorum.
bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries are usually known as wounds inflicted by a club .
thereafter, the county's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has yet accomplished a quadruple Axel in competition .
from the telephone exchange , the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour .
however, even to those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying , there are still rules that apply .
it is described as pointed in the face and around the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is usually characterized by how much useful work a computer system can complete compared to how much time and resources it takes
some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be found along the Volga .
the cross symbolises the monasteries of the region .
human skin colors can range from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank helped yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial , but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been decided .
representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association vote for the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
the borders of tajikistan , Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan border afghanistan to the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south and the People's Republic of China to the east .
nupedia was founded on march 9 , 2000 , under the ownership of bomis, inc , a web portal company .
some notable features of the design include key-dependent boxes and a highly complex key schedule .
iain grieve was born on February 19, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana, and is a rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was independently proposed by physicists Murray Gell-mann and George Zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring is adorned with golden garlands and was added in 193839 when the column was moved to its present location .
west berlin had its own postal administration, separate from west germany 's, which issued its own stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by the Italian Renaissance painter sandro Botticelli , c. 1482 .
new south wales 's largest city and capital is sydney .
other polymers , such as polyester or vinyl ester , can also be used .
the name still remains as a brand for a related spin-off digital television channel, digital radio station, and website which have survived the demise of the print magazine .
at four-and-a-half years old, he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years, living in various orphanages and roaming through towns with groups of other homeless children.
stands were eventually added in behind each goal during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground was being modernized .
a town may be correctly described as a market town or have market rights even if it no longer has a market , provided the right to do so still exists .
a bastion was later built .
on july 29th - a battle takes place in the town of stiklestad in the kingdom of norway - between olav haraldsson's pagan vassals and his own subjects .
others have hypothesized that tresca was eliminated by the nkvd as a way of punishing critics of the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union .
this resulted in both Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries .
use html and css to sparingly and only for good reasons .
he immediately responded publicly that reports of riots were false .
addiscombe is a suburb in the london borough of croydon , England.
depending on the context , another closely-related meaning of constituent is that of someone who lives or works in an area under the jurisdiction of a politician ; sometimes this is limited to citizens who elected the politician.
he is a member of the institute of european history in Mainz and a senior fellow at the center for european integration studies in Bonn.
he also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead of building a trailer with a cantilevered arm , the crew fashioned a cantilevered arm vehicle and shot the scene while riding on templin highway north of santa clarita .
the conference papers were published in a book in 2004 by phelps and co .
wario land is a platforming game that started with wario land : super mario land 3 .
frédéric Chopin's opus 57 is a berceuse for solo piano .
these attacks may have been psychological in origin rather than physical
a historian has said that " quinine 's efficacy was what gave colonists new opportunities to swarm into the gold coast, nigeria, and other parts of west africa " .
moreover, spectral studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which suggests a rocky surface composition .
she became the authoritative editor of her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury is a lot like the moon - it is incredibly cratered with lots of regions with smooth plains and no natural satellites (it has no atmosphere either), and it has the same shape as the moon
the town lies in the Limmat valley, between Baden and Zurich.
these provide excellent habitat for chinkara , hog deer and blue bulls .
after the sena dynasty, dhaka was successively ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors descending from the Delhi Sultanate before the arrival of the Mughals in 1608 .
the prime minister is in office for as long as they keep the support of the lower house .
for rowling , this scene is important because it shows harry's bravery and by retrieving Cedric 's corpse , he demonstrates his selflessness and compassion .
on June 1, 1972, he and fellow RAF members jan-carl Raspe and holger Meins were apprehended after a long shootout in Frankfurt
together they formed new music Manchester , a group that is committed to contemporary music .
the compact and intense hurricane caused extensive damage in the upper florida Keys , as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet flooded the region .
it is now the site of meher baba 's samadhi tomb-shrine as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims .
the collapsed dome of the main church was restored completely .
in 2005 , meissner became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in nATIONAL competition .
salem is a city in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States.
forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been recorded .
saint martin is an island in the northeast Caribbean , approximately 300 kilometers east of Puerto Rico .
because these files contain images , they cannot be distributed without further manipulation if they contain pictures .
in april 1862 , ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger for participating in an armed robbery whilst in the company of frank gardiner .
heavy rain fell across parts of Britain on October 5 , causing localized flooding .
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer that allows the user to create a live usb , where the user's personal data can be saved if desired .
in approximate relation to the parties' strength in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : the free democratic party  fdp  : 2 members , the christian democratic people 's party  cvp  : 2 members , the social democratic party  sp  : 2 members , and the swiss people 's party  svp  : 1 member
a fee is the price one pays as a remuneration for services , especially the honorarium given to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other member of a learned profession .
the ohio state library system has 21 libraries located on itsColumbus campus .
in other developments , both iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway , but Scotland was able to repulse a norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement .
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in April 2000 , minix became free/open source software under a permissive free software license , but by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities , and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists .
the body color can vary from a light brown to a golden color , and sometimes there are brown spots on the body
the britannica was a primarily a scottish enterprise , as represented by the thistle logo and the floral emblem of scotland .
the area covered by the warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards as Jose intensified , before being canceled shortly after landfall on September 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune alleged that U.S. marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of incendiary bombs on iraqi republican guards during the initial stages of combat .
providing audiences with the sort of information later provided by intertitles , and allowing historians to imagine what the film may have been like
because real estate and businesses and other assets can not be used as collateral to raise money to finance industrial and commercial expansion , this is why it is difficult for businesses to expand in the Third World
he bolted from sydney cove several times before being shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan advanced to the police camp and ordered them to surrender .
before the game got underway, the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance had not been up to veeck 's usual promotional standard .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now joss whedon confirmed that " fray is not over , fray is coming back .
a mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel .
the sat reasoning test formerly Scholastic aptitude test and Scholastic assessment test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States .
civil unrest in northern italy spawned the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering groups of flagellants .
various reports read that various factors increase the likelihood of paralysis and hallucinations .
his sentence was transportation to australia for seven years .
waugh writes that charles had been " in search of love in those days " when he first met Sebastian , finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , which informs the work on a number of levels .
her infamous friendship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was a major factor in her life .
the term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are either located on or grow off the side of an animal .
the term " protein " was coined by nelson berzelius after mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of large molecule.
after the jerilderie raid, the gang stayed low for 16 months, evading capture.
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
color ranges from orange to yellow .
in 1963, an extension was added, curving north from union station, below university avenue and queen's park to near bloor street, where it turned west to terminate at st. George and Bloor Streets .
before 1980 , a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed through the western side of the Simpson desert .
it is located on an old trail that led west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both .
as the largest sub-region in Mesoamerica , it included a vast and diverse landscape from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google made the comic available on google books and their site and mentioned it on their blog along with an explanation for the early release .
anyone can register a pedigree with the college , where they are carefully inspected and require official proofs before being changed .
the book was published in 1985 but had limited classroom adoption .
he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 for their first-ever performance in the Soviet Union , with concerts in Moscow and Leningrad , and toured with the ipo again in 1994 , performing in China and India .
the napoleonic wars : austrian general mack surrendered his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm , taking him over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers .
it has been the economic center of northern Nigeria for centuries and a center for the production and export of groundnuts .
most south Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages – Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu, and Tulu.
they earned multiple awards and honors .
after a brief standoff , the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked kane and jericho .
most of the songs were written by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman .
in the 5th century, Slavs started to move into the area .
from 1900 to 1920 many new buildings were constructed on campus , including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs , a building for the natural sciences , a large hospital and library complexes , and two residence halls .
winchester is a city in scott county , Illinois , United States .
the name arzashkun seems to be an Assyrian form of an armenian name ending in -ka, which recalls the name arsene, arsissa, applied by the ancient Greeks to part of lake van.
out of 16,421 entrants in the national casting , she was chosen among the 15 finalists to appear on the show .
its episodes were aired on the abc network from its debut on september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
the latter device can then be used in more stringent environments .
gymnastics hired the famous Colombian trainer Francisco Maturana and then Italian coach Julio César Falcioni , but both had limited success.
brighton is a city in washington county , Iowa , in the United States .
furthermore, she appeared in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24, 1979, the 750th anniversary of the village, glinde received its town charter.
she returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994, and later inMario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis in 2006, although the character is now described as " mario 's friend ."
during vaginal birth , the vagina stretches to many times its normal size .
his real date of birth is unknown, but it is believed that it occurred between 1935 and 1939.
this quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance  inhibitor  is needed to inhibit a particular biological process  or component of a process , i.e. an enzyme , cell , cell receptor or microorganism  by half .
although the name suggests that they are located in the Bernese Oberland region of the canton of Bern , portions of the Bernese Alps are in the adjacent cantons of Valais , Lucerne , Obwalden , Fribourg and Vaud .
there she had one daughter - later baptized as Mary Ann Fisher Power - to Ann Elizabeth Power.
during an interview, edward Gorey mentioned that Bawden was one of his favorite artists , lamenting the fact that not many people knew about this fine artist .
the string can vibrate in different modes, just as a guitar string can produce different notes, and every mode appears as a different particle: electron, photon, gluon, etc.
gable also earned an academy award nomination when he played Fletcher Christian in 1935's mutiny on the bounty .
