one side of the armed conflicts is composed of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group that was mostly recruited from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
jeddah is the main entrance to Mecca , Islam's holiest city , which is mandatory for able-bodied Muslims to visit at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is thought to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of neptune .
his next work, Saturday, follows an eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
the tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord and, attaching it to the ball, crawled away quickly to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength.
he died six weeks later, on 13 january 888 .
they are similar to the coastal peoples of papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the award given to the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been given the colin mears award , which has a value of £ 5000 .
following the drummers are dancers who often play the sogo, a tiny drum that makes almost no sound and tend to have more elaborate and acrobatic choreography.
the spacecraft consists of two main parts : the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe .
alessandro " sandro " mazzola was born on November 8th, 1942 .
it was thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham attended wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 , and then graduated with a bachelor's degree in anthropology .
However, the BZö differs a bit from the Freedom Party in comparison to their position of wanting a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty, but opposed to an EU withdrawal.
many species had vanished by the end of the nineteenth century as european settlers arrived .
in 1987, wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame.
dextromethorphan is a white powder in its pure form .
to get into tsinghua, admission is extremely competitive .
today, nrc is an independent, private foundation .
it is located on the coast of the baltic sea , surrounding the city of stralsund .
he was also named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated .
five's a British sport believed to have originated from the same roots as many racquet sports .
for example , king bhumibol was born on a Monday , so throughout thailand, on his birthday, people will decorate with yellow colors .
both the names Metropolitan Opera and Scottish National Museum became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the National Museum of Scotland .
notwithstanding this , tagore emulated numerous styles , including woodcuts by max pechstein from various parts of the world .
on october 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate john f. kennedy proposed the idea of the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she performed for president reagan in 1988 , during the great performances at the white house series , which aired on the public broadcasting service .
perry saturn beat eddie guerrero with chyna to win the wwf european championship 8:10 saturn pinned guerrero with a diving elbow drop .
she remained in the united states until 1927 when she and her husband returned to france .
despina was discovered in late July 1989 from the pictures taken by the Voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he also wrote collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
at the Voyager 2 images of ophelia , she appears as an elongated object , the major axis pointing towards uranus .
the british decided to eliminate him, and take the land by force.
some towns along the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia don't follow official western australian time .
in architectural decoration, small pieces of colorful and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays, which have been used to decorate walls, furniture, and boxes.
the other cities on the palos verdes peninsula include rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
clank asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark in order to stop drek .
it is not actually a true louse .
he advocates using a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also tries to popularize interaction design as a mainstream field .
it is theoretically possible that other editors who may have reported you , and the administrator who blocked you , are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they ' ve never met in person .
working group i is responsible for assessing scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain is part of the hebrides , separated from the scottish mainland and the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on July 12, 2008.
minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the minor planet center , which is part of the iau .
by early on september 30 , the wind became significantly stronger and a weakening trend began .
each entry has a datum which is a copy of the datum in some backing store .
as a result , mosques will not enforce violations , but both men and women must adhere to these guidelines when attending a mosque .
mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel written by brian jacques in 1991.
ryan prosser was born on 10 July 1988 and is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
it is made up of four reports - three from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot is a well-known biochemist .
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the rest of victoria's reign , and vast quantities were printed .
the international fight league was an american MMA promotion that billed itself as the world 's first MMA league .
giardia lamblia is a parasite that causes giardiasis .
aside from this , he has often worked in christian-themed productions , including the post-rapture films left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he played cameron " buck " williams .
this area was east of the mouth of the vistula river ; later it was called " prussia proper ."
after graduation, he returned to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew and the gospel of luke , specifically .
later on, weelkes would find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behavior .
so far, ' celebrity ' episodes have included vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
it was discovered by stephen p. synnott in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5, 1979 while orbiting around jupiter .
gomaespuma was a Spanish show , hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser .
on 16 june 2009 , the official release date for the Resistance was announced on the band's website .
he is also a member of another jungiery boyband 183 club .
the apostolic tradition , which is attributed to the theologian hippolytus , states that early christian agape feasts would involve the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain .
in return for this, rollo swore fealty to charles and converted to Christianity , and undertook to defend the northern region of France against the incursions of other Viking groups .
voa  is a special english channel that is derived from the voice of america .
disney was given a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , presented to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of graubünden , Switzerland .
it continues as the bohemian republic in the czech republic .
this can lead to consumer confusion when 220,000,000 bytes is referenced as 1 megabyte instead of 1 mib .
the incident has been the subject of numerous reports about ethics in scholarship .
they are castrated so that the animal may become more docile or may put on weight more quickly .
seventh sons have unique " knacks " that give them special magical abilities , and seventh sons of seventh sons are quite rare and powerful .
benchmarking by passmark showed the 2009 version of the software taking 52 seconds to install , 32 seconds to scan , and using 7 megabytes of memory .
volterra is a town in the tuscany region of Italy .
historically , itch and pain have not been considered to be completely independent of each other until recently , where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain but exhibits notable differences .
the tongue is sticky because of its glycoprotein-rich mucous , which both lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites , which adhere to it .
the tram derailed on 30 may 2006 at starr gate loop during previous trials .
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson outside the ground .
take the square root of the variance .
volunteers provided assistance such as food , blankets , water , toys for children , massages , and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france .
if there are no strong land use controls , buildings are built along a bypass , which turns it into an ordinary town road , and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid .
it is also a starting point for people wanting to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises can cause pain but they're not normally dangerous .
none of the people who created, contributed to, sponsored, administrated, vandalized, or linked to wikipedia can be held responsible for how you use the information on these pages.
he was also the kapellmeister for george, elector of hanover, who eventually became george i of great britain.
their eyes are small , and their visual acuity is poor .
They are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin .
oregano is a common ingredient in greek cuisine .
tickets for national rail services , the docklands light railway , and oyster card can be retailed .
he produced and published these works himself , whilst his larger woodcuts were usually commissioned work .
the historical method is a set of techniques and guidelines by which historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and write history .
the weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake vostok is thought to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .
as of 2000 , the population was 89,148 people .
aliteracy is the ability to read but not being interested in doing so .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid that is used as a pharmaceutical .
it will then detach itself and sink back to the river bed in order to digest its food and wait for its next opportunity .
furthermore , research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it happens to someone they know , trust , and care about .
today , landis' father has become a staunch supporter of his son and regards himself as one of floyd's biggest fans .
soon after becoming a Category 4 storm, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged .
the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage .
convinced that the grounds were haunted , they wrote about their findings in a book called " an adventure 1911 " under the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he settled in london and taught mainly practical matters .
brunstad has several fast food restaurants , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and its own grocery store .
he left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region .
in 1438 trevi became part of the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia , and thenceforth its history merged with that of the states of the church and then in 1860 it became part of the united kingdom of italy .
the depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation devoid of convection , and it dissipated the next day over brazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was a law enforcement agency in new york city from 1952 to 1995 .
the current lineup of the band consists of flynn on vocals , guitar , duce on bass , phil demmel on guitar , and dave mcclain on drums .
countries with a minority muslim population are more likely to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation than muslim-majority countries in the greater middle east .
the characters are similar to their earlier characters pete and dud in that they are foul-mouthed extensions of themselves.
he was also the original bassist for the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but quit before the band ever released a studio album .
in 1998 , culver ran for iowa secretary of state and won .
in 1990 , mark messier won the Hart Trophy by a margin of two votes over ray bourque , the difference being a single first-place vote .
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he breaks the law , and unintentionally initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home , forcing their premature migration , and his separation from them .
a daughter is the female equivalent .
he was diagnosed with inoperable cancer in april 1999 .
before the arrival of the storm , the national park service closed visitor centers and campsites along the outer banks .
speed chess is the form of chess played, where each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game .
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two former presidents, later separately charged with mutiny and treason, for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
extensive damage extended up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .
because the owner is usually unaware , these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies .
the wave moved across the atlantic , and organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .
for example , the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated annually .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of Matthew, the gospel of Mark, the gospel of Luke, and the gospel of John, which were probably written between AD 65 and 100. See also the gospel according to the Hebrews.
since the end of the 19th century, eschelbronn is well-known for its furniture manufacturing industry .
the upper half of the flag also looks like the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane , unlike the clouds on Earth , which are composed of crystals of ice .
participation in the program is limited until they reach the legal age of adulthood .
stable releases are rare , but there are often subversion snapshots that are stable enough to use .
finally in 1482, the order dispatched him to florence, the ‘city of his destiny’.
in the soviet years , the bolsheviks destroyed two of rostov 's landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral in 1908 and st george cathedral in nakhichevan in 1783-1807 .
he died on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , Spain and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .
this was demonstrated by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953 .
cogeneration is the use of a heat engine or a power station to produce both electricity and heat .
from time to time, the " den master " will also allow another male into the den ; the reason for this is unknown .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript or css snippet that can be enabled simply by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
below are some links that will help you get involved .
he served as the prime minister of egypt between 1945 and 1948 .
she was left behind , with various explanations for this varying depending on when the rest of the Nicoleños were moved to the mainland .
he was appointed a gentleman of the chapel royal in 1615 and continued to serve as an organist until his death .
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially said he may not accept it .
later , Esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as an end in itself , even if Esperanto is never adopted by the united nations or other international organizations .
dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone quickly eroded most of the deep convection by early on september 12 .
he is an american novelist .
she was born eva anna paula braun on 6 february 1912 and died eva anna paula hitler on 30 april 1945 ; she was the long-time companion and, for a brief time, wife of adolf hitler .
each license has a different version number .
most irc servers don't require users to register an account , but a user will have to set a nickname before being connected .
that same year he also received a mechanics certificate , which made him the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
Summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment, which will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
he is usually portrayed as having a bald head and long whiskers , which is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
some animals have chromatic response , which means they change color in response to changes in their environment , like ermine , snowshoe hare or cephalopods that have chromatophores in their skin .
val venis retained the wwf intercontinental championship by defeating rikishi in a steel cage match 14:10  venis was then pinned by tazz after he hit rikishi with a television camera .
this philosophy closely resembles the unix philosophy of having multiple programs that do one thing well and work together over universal interfaces .
he comes from a musical family ; his mother, Larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale.
the largest populations of mennonites are in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states , but they can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the population of those countries .
naas is a major Dublin suburb , with many people living there and working in Dublin .
acanthopholis' armor consisted of large, oval plates that were set almost horizontally into his skin, with spikes coming out of the neck and shoulder area, along his spine.
origin irmo was chartered on christmas eve in 1890 to respond to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
bills proposing by the law commission are introduced in the house of lords .
in the years leading up to his final release in 1474 , when he began preparations for the reconquest of wallachia , vlad stayed with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital .
you can add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text , and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text , to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version .
anthony mcgill is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is the soft tissue found inside bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red , and this is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets .
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse département in southern france , in the area known as Provence-Alpes-Côte d 'Azur .
macgruber starts asking for simple objects to disarm the bomb , but he gets sidetracked by something usually involving his personal life and runs out of time .
this work was substantially completed when messiaen died , and yvonne loriod undertook the final movement 's orchestration with help from george benjamin .
Shi'ites consider karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca , Medina , Jerusalem and Najaf .
the pad called for the resignations of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat , who it accused of being proxies for thaksin .
travelling through very remote areas can be a challenge , as you'll need to plan your route carefully and make sure you have a suitable, reliable vehicle - usually a 4WD.
while at kahn, he was the chief architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he excuses himself and dr. schön leaves .
britpop emerged from the british independent music scene in the early 1990s and was influenced by british guitar pop music from the 1960s and 1970s .
this was combined with battalions being formed for xi international brigade .
the sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines , and shorter trains are run .
it has a capacity of 98,772 people, making it the largest stadium in europe and the eleventh largest in the world .
in December 1967 , ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of israel .
some articles are long and in-depth while others are shorter and may be just stubs
there are currently 95 species accepted by taxonomists .
eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill " .
terms like " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are often used in English .
jurisdiction is based on public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society .
he followed this with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha , and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is aracaju .
Despite this, Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
gumbasia was created in a style that vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles .
the lawyer , brandon waise lee , became his idol , and mk sun grew up to be a lawyer .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .
donaldson enlisted in the australian army on 18 june 2002 .
prospectors from all over the United States, Europe, and China were also digging along the peel river and up the mountain slopes .
before the advent of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 features a 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  .
yoghurt is a dairy product that is made by bacterial fermentation of milk .
seventy-five defencemen have been inducted into the hall of fame , more than any other current position , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries , but all were rejected by mainstream christian bodies .
the album was banned from many record stores nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top , and narrow at the ankle .
in late 2004 , suleman made headlines by cutting howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations , because stern often discussed his upcoming move to sirius satellite radio .
the company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's confirmed its IPO by March, Ottawa Business Journal, December 1, 2005.
plot captain caleb holt is a firefighter in albany, Georgia, and he always sticks to the cardinal rule of all firefighters " never leave your partner behind " .
he won the presidential election held on 2 march 2008 with a majority of the popular vote .
the plant is an old-fashioned example of a living fossil .
in 1990 , she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia .
stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913 .
protests across the nation were quashed .
offenbach 's numerous operettas , such as orpheus in the underworld , and la belle hélène , were very popular in both france and the english-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles from the Tang Dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of Chang'an (modern-day Xi'an) .
she was a French organist, pianist, composer, and teacher who died on November 11, 1968.
by most accounts , the instrument was nearly impossible to play .
st. mary the greater is the earliest extant church in assisi .
the radar observations suggest a fairly pure iron-nickel composition .
railway gazette international is a monthly business journal covering the railway, metro, light rail and tram industries worldwide .
he was appointed companion of honor in 1988 .
loèche harbours the installations of onyx , a Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook contains a quantity of matches and has a rough surface on the outside .
she was one of the first doctors to object to smoking around children and using drugs during pregnancy .
defiantly , she vowed to never give up the commune , and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
there is a three volume manga series based on graystripe , between the time he was taken by twolegs in dawn and when he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
samovar & porter 1994 , p . 84 most Syrian immigrants in the early 1990s didn't live in urban enclaves ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis .
he was also famous for his prints , book covers , posters , and furniture made from garden metalwork .
during her childhood , she suffered from collapsed lungs twice and had pneumonia 4-5 times a year .
david lindenmeyer , an Australian national university professor, has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable , for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater's possum .
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in montreal, canada.
small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits , using the same processes that are used to make transistors .
the term gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species , such as the first species described from Norway by Rathke in 1799 , Limnoria lignorum .
injuries inflicted by a club are usually considered to be blunt-force trauma injuries .
thereafter, the county's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has ever successfully completed a quadruple axel in competition .
from the telephone exchange , the port jackson district commandant could talk to all military installations on the harbour .
even if someone enters a mosque without the intention of praying , there are still rules that apply .
it is a small, pointed object about the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by how much work a computer system accomplishes in comparison to how much time and resources it used .
some of the largest reservoirs in the world are located along the volga .
the crosier represents the monasteries of the region .
human skin colors can range from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank helped yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer reported plans to put saddam on trial , but said that the details of such a trial had not yet been decided .
the professional hockey writers' association selects the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, and Afghanistan border each other to the north, west, south, and east, respectively.
nupedia was founded on march 9 , 2000 , by bomis , inc .
notable features of the design include a key-dependent s-box and a highly complex key schedule .
iain grieve was born on February 19, 1987 in jwaneng, Botswana, and is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was proposed by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location .
west berlin had its own postal service , which issued its own postage stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro Botticelli, circa 1482 .
new south wales 's largest city and capital is sydney .
the polymer is most often epoxy , but other polymers, such as polyester, vinyl ester or nylon, are also sometimes used.
the name of the magazine has been turned into a brand for a related digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which have withstood the death of the printed magazine .
he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern italy at four-and-a-half years old, living in various orphanages and roving through towns with other homeless children for the next four years.
stands were eventually added to each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernized .
a town can be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer has a market , as long as the right to do so still exists .
a bastion on the eastern approaches was built later .
on July 29—30, 1066, olav haraldsson was defeated by his pagan vassals and killed in the battle of stiklestad .
others have suggested that tresca was eliminated by the NKVD in retaliation for his criticism of the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union .
this led to both montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries .
use html and css markup sparingly if necessary .
schuschnigg quickly responded publicly that reports of riots were false .
addiscombe is a suburb in the London borough of Croydon , England.
depending on the context , constituent can mean either a citizen who resides in the area governed , represented , or otherwise served by a politician ; or it can mean any citizen who elected the politician .
he is a member of the institute of european history in mainz , and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn .
he also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead , the crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm that was attached to the "hovercraft" and shot the scene while riding up templin highway north of santa clarita .
the conference papers were published the next year in a book,microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory, by phelps et al.
the wario land series is a platforming series that started with wario land : super mario land 3 .
frédéric chopin 's opus 57 is a lullaby for solo piano .
the attacks may have been psychological in origin rather than physical .
a historian has stated that " quinine's effectiveness allowed colonists to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa " .
furthermore , spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of minerals and silicates , which indicates a rocky surface composition .
she became the editor of her husband 's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury is similar in appearance to the moon : it's heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains and has no natural satellites or atmosphere .
the town is located in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
these habitats provide excellent habitats for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was successively ruled by the turkish and afghan governors who were descendants of the Delhi Sultanate before the arrival of the Mughals in 1608 .
the prime minister is only in office as long as he or she retains the support of the lower house .
for rowling , this scene is important because it shows Harry's bravery , and by retrieving Cedric's corpse , he demonstrates selflessness and compassion .
on june 1 , 1972 , he and fellow raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were arrested after a shootout in frankfurt .
together, they formed new music manchester , a group committed to contemporary music .
the intense and compact hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper florida keys , as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region .
it is now the site of meher baba 's samadhi tomb-shrine , which also serves as a facility and accommodation for pilgrims .
the collapsed dome of the main church has been restored completely .
in 2005 , meissner became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition .
salem is a city in essex county, Massachusetts, United States.
49 species of pipefish and 9 species of seahorse have been recorded .
saint martin is an island in the northeast Caribbean , about 300 kilometers east of Puerto Rico .
therefore , these pdfs cannot be distributed without further editing if they contain images .
in april of 1862 , ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger for participating in an armed robbery while in the company of frank gardiner .
heavy rain fell across portions of britain on october 5 , resulting in localized accumulation of flood waters .
version 2009.1 includes a usb installer to create a live usb , where the user's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired .
in relation to the parties ' respective strength in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : free democratic party (fdp) : 2 members , christian democratic people's party (cvp) : 2 members , social democratic party (sp) : 2 members , and swiss people's party (svp) : 1 member .
a fee is the price one pays for services , such as the honorarium paid to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other professional .
Ohio State's library system includes 21 libraries located on its Columbus campus.
in other developments , iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway , but Scotland was able to repulse a Norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement .
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in april 2000, minix became free/open source software under a permissive free software license, but by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities, and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists.
the body color can be medium brown to gold-ish or beige-white ; and sometimes, it has dark brown spots on the limbs .
the britannica was originally a scottish enterprise , as shown by its thistle logo , the floral emblem of scotland .
the area covered by the warning issued on september 22 was further extended southwards as jose intensified , before it was canceled soon after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune claimed that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders had confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the initial stages of combat .
the latter were used to provide audiences with information about what was happening on-screen , and this helped historians imagine what the film might have been like .
that's because real estate , businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can't be used as collateral for loans to finance industrial and commercial expansion .
he ran away from Sydney Cove several times before he was shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan forced the police to surrender .
before the second game got underway , the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance hadn't been up to veeck 's usual promotional standard .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now, joss whedon confirmed that " fray is not done, fray is coming back."
a mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test is a standardized test for college admissions in the united states .
civil unrest in northern italy led to the creation of the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants .
some reports suggest that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations .
his sentence was transported to australia for seven years .
waugh writes that charles had been " looking for love " when he first met sebastian , finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , which informs the work on a number of levels .
her notorious friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also important in her life .
the term dorsal refers to anatomical features that are located on or near the front side of an animal .
the term "protein" was first coined by berzelius after mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of large molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang went into hiding for 16 months avoiding capture .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region of northwestern France .
colors range from orange to pale yellow .
an extension was added in 1963 , curving north from union station and ending at near bloor street , where it turned west to terminate at st. george and bloor streets .
prior to 1980 , a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed through the western side of the simpson desert .
it is located on a portage trail that led west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both .
as the largest subregion in mesoamerica , it encompassed a vast and varied landscape , from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google made the comic available on google books and their website , mentioning it on their official blog along with an explanation for the early release .
anyone may register for a pedigree with the college , where they are carefully audited and require official proofs before being changed .
the book, Political Economy, was published in 1985 but didn't gain a lot of traction in the classroom .
he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 and 1994 for their first-ever performances in the soviet union , as well as concerts in moscow and leningrad .
The Napoleonic Wars: Austrian General Mack Surrenders His Army to the Grand Army of Napoleon at Ulm, Reaping Napoleon Over 30,000 Prisoners and Incurring 10,000 Casualties on the Losers.
it has been the economic center of northern nigeria for a long time, and it's also a center for the production and export of groundnuts .
a majority of south Indians speak one of the five dravidian languages – kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora received multiple awards and honors .
after a brief standoff , the wwf cavalry attacked kane and jericho .
most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .
in the 5th century, Slavs started to move into the area.
from 1900 to 1920, many new facilities were constructed on campus, including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, hill auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
winchester is a city in scott county in the US .
name arzashkun seems to be an Assyrian form of an Armenian name that ends in -ka , which recalls the name Arsene , Arsissa , which was applied by the ancients to part of lake Van .
she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show .
its episodes were broadcast on the abc network from 1993 to 2005 .
the latter device can be designed and used in less stringent environments .
gimnasia hired two famous Colombian trainers – francisco maturana and julio césar falcioni – but neither of them had much success .
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa, United States.
furthermore , she has appeared in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24 1979 , the 750th anniversary of the village of Glinde , glinde received its town charter .
pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 , and later mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , although she is now called " mario 's friend " .
the vagina stretches to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth .
his date of birth was never recorded , but it is believed to be in the range of 1935 and 1939 .
this quantitative measure shows how much of a particular drug or other substance inhibitor is needed to inhibit a given biological process or component by half .
although the name suggests they are located in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern , portions of the bernese alps are in the adjacent cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
he had one daughter with Ann E. Power .
during an interview , edward gorey mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists , lamenting the fact that he wasn't well-known .
the string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can produce different notes , and each mode appears as a different particle : electron, photon, gluon, etc.
gable also earned an academy award nomination when he portrayed fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .
