one side of the armed conflicts is composed mainly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed militia group, a sudanese military group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan.
jeddah is the principal gateway to Mecca , Islam's holiest city , which is required of able-bodied Muslims to visit at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is thought to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune .
his next work , saturday , is based on an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord and , attaching it to the ball , quickly crawled away to the east , pulling on the cord with all his strength .
he died six weeks later, on 13 january 888.
they are similar to the coastal peoples of papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the kate greenaway medal has been awarded along with the colin mears award to the value of £ 5000 .
following the drummers are dancers who often play the sogo, a tiny drum that makes almost no sound and have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography.
the spacecraft consists of two main parts : the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe .
he is an Italian former football player who was born on November 8th, 1942.
it was initially thought that the debris from the collision filled in the smaller craters .
he attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943 , when he graduated with a Bachelor of Anthropology .
However, the BZÖ differs a bit in comparison to the Freedom Party, as it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty but against an EU withdrawal.
many species had disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century as a result of european settlement .
in 1987 , wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame .
dextromethorphan is a white powder .
admission to tsinghua is extremely competitive .
today , the nrc is an independent , private foundation .
it is located at the coast of the baltic sea , enclosing the city of stralsund .
he was also named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated .
fives is a British sport that is believed to have originated from the same roots as many racquet sports .
throughout Thailand, on king bhumibol's birthday, yellow will be the predominant color.
both the name and the institution became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland .
Nevertheless, Tagore emulated numerous styles, including craftwork from northern New Ireland, haida carvings from the west coast of Canada, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
on october 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate john f. kennedy proposed the concept of the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she performed for president reagan in 1988's great performances at the White House series which aired on the public broadcasting service .
perry Saturn defeated Terri Perry to win the WWF European Championship 8:10 Saturn pinned Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
she remained in the united states until 1927 when she and her husband returned to france .
despina was discovered in late July , 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he also completed two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious tales and seven strange and ghostly stories .
at the Voyager 2 images of Ophelia, she appears as an elongated object with the major axis pointing towards Uranus .
the british decided to kill him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia don't follow official western australian time .
small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays , which have been used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
the other incorporated cities on the palos verdes peninsula include rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates , and rolling hills .
clank asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark in an effort to stop drek .
it is not a true louse .
he advocates applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles, and also works towards popularizing interaction design as a mainstream discipline.
it is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you , and the administrator who blocked you , are part of a conspiracy against an unknown person half a world away they ' ve never met in person .
working group i is responsible for assessing scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain forms part of the hebrides , which are separated from the scottish mainland and the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on July 12 , 2008 .
minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the minor planet center , part of the iau .
by early on september 30 , the wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began .
each entry has a value which is a copy of the value in some backing store .
as a result , many mosques will not enforce violations , but both men and women when attending a mosque must adhere to these guidelines .
it is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , published in 1991 .
ryan prosser was born on July 10, 1988 and is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership.
it consists of four reports - three from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot , who was named after pierre curie , is a noted biochemist .
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of victoria's reign , and vast quantities were printed .
the international fight league was an American MMA promotion billed as the world 's first MMA league .
giardia lamblia is a flagellated protozoan parasite that causes giardiasis .
apart from this , cameron has often worked in christian-themed productions such as the post-rapture films left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he plays cameron " buck " williams .
this area was east of the mouth of the Vistula River, later sometimes called "Prussia Proper."
he returned to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed the artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew and the gospel of luke , specifically .
wellesley was later to find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and excessive behavior .
so far the ' celebrity ' episodes have included stars such as vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
it was discovered by stephen p. synnott in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5, 1979 while orbiting around jupiter.
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show , hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser .
on 16 june 2009 , the official release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website .
he is also a member of another boyband 183 club .
the apostolic tradition , which is attributed to the theologian hippolytus , indicates that early christian agape feasts would include the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain .
in return , Rollo swore fealty to Charles , converted to Christianity , and undertook to defend the northern region of France against the incursions of other Viking groups .
VOASpecialEnglish is derived from the Voice of America.
disney received a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , presented to him by 10-year-old Shirley Temple .
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of graubünden .
it continues as the bohemian republic in the czech republic .
when 220 1,048,576 bytes is referenced as 1 megabyte instead of 1 mib , this leads to consumer confusion .
the incident has been the subject of numerous reports about the ethics of scholarship .
they are castrated so the animal may be more docile or may put on weight more quickly .
seventh sons have specific magical abilities , and seventh sons of seventh sons are both extraordinarily rare and powerful .
benchmarking conducted by passmark software revealed the 2009 version 's 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7mb memory utilization .
volterra is a town in the tuscany region of Italy .
historically , the sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other until recently , where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain , but exhibits notable differences .
the tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous , which both helps to move in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites , which adhere to it .
the same tram derailed on 30 may 2006 at starr gate loop during previous trials .
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers , outside the stadium .
take the square root of the variance .
volunteers provided aid , blankets , water , children 's toys , massages , and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france .
if there are no strong land use controls , buildings are built along a bypass , which eventually becomes an ordinary town road .
it is also a starting point for people wanting to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises can cause pain but are not usually dangerous .
None of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, or anyone else connected with Wikipedia can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages.
George Frideric Handel also served as Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover, who eventually became George I of Great Britain.
their eyes are quite small and their visual acuity is poor .
they are rivals in toughness only by chitin .
oregano is an essential ingredient in greek cuisine .
tickets can be sold for national rail services (including the docklands light railway and oyster card ), depending on the purchaser's location .
he produced and published works himself, while his woodcuts were mostly commissioned work.
the historical method comprises the techniques and guidelines used by historians to research and write history .
the high oxygen concentration is believed to be due to the sheer weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake vostok.
as of 2000 , the population was 89,148 people.
aliteracy is the state of being able to read but being uninterested in doing so .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as a pharmaceutical .
it will then digest its food and sink back to the river bed in order to wait for its next meal .
furthermore , research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know , trust , and care about .
today , landis ' father has become a staunch supporter of his son and regards himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans .
shortly after reaching category 4 status , the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged .
the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage which is the minimum amount required to allow the worker to consume the level of goods and services required to maintain their standard of living .
convinced that the grounds were haunted , they decided to publish their findings in a book under the pseudonym elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he settled in london and devoted himself to practical teaching .
brunstad has several restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, coffee bar, and its own grocery store.
he left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region .
in 1438 trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia , and thenceforth its history merged first with that of the states of the church , then with the united kingdom of italy .
the depression moved inland on the 20th without convection, and dissipated the next day over brazil, where it caused heavy rains and flooding.
the new york city housing authority police department was abolished in 1995 .
the current lineup of the band is Flynn vocals , guitar , Ducce bass , Phil Demmel guitar , and Dave McClain drums .
countries with a minority muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation .
the characters are extensions of their earlier characters pete and dud .
he was also the original bassist for the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but quit before the band ever released a studio album .
in 1998 , culver ran for secretary of state in iowa and won .
in 1990 , mark messier emerged victorious over ray bourque by a margin of two votes , the difference being a single first-place vote .
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he defies that law , and inadvertently initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home , forcing their premature migration , and his separation from them .
the female equivalent is a daughter .
he was diagnosed with inoperable cancer in april 1999 .
prior to the arrival of the storm , the national park service closed visitor centers and campsites along the Outer Banks .
speed chess is the form of chess played in which each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game .
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
extensive damage extended up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .
because the owner is unaware , these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies .
the depression formed over the atlantic ocean and moved across it , and organized into a tropical storm off the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .
for example , the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated annually .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew, gospel of mark, gospel of luke, and gospel of john, probably written between ad 65 and 100. See also the gospel according to the hebrews.
since the end of the 19th century, eschelbronn is well known for its furniture manufacturing industry .
The upper half also has a similar coat of arms to the former district of Oberbarnim.
Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane .
their participation is limited until they reach the legal age of adulthood .
development releases are rare , but there are often snapshots which are stable enough to be used .
finally in 1482, the order dispatched him to Florence, the ‘city of his destiny’.
in the Soviet years , the Bolsheviks destroyed two of Rostov 's principal landmarks - St. Alexander Nevsky Cathedral  in 1908 and St. George Cathedral in Nakhichevan  in 1783-1807 .
he died on may 29, 1518 in madrid, Spain and was buried in the church of san benito d'alcantara.
this was demonstrated in the miller-urey experiment by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953 .
cogeneration is the simultaneous use of a heat engine or power station to generate both electricity and useful heat .
on occasion, a second male may be allowed into the den ; the reason for this is unknown .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript and / or css snippet that can be enabled by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
below are some links that will help you become involved .
he served as the prime minister of egypt twice between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948 .
she was left behind , with explanations varying when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland .
he was appointed a gentleman of the chapel royal, where he served as an organist from at least 1615 until his death.
chauvin initially indicated that he may not accept his award .
later , Esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as objects of their own desires , even if Esperanto is never adopted by the united nations or other international organizations .
the dry air around the southern periphery of the cyclone quickly eroded most of the deep convection by early on september 12 .
he is an American novelist .
eva anna paula braun , who died eva anna paula hitler on 6 february 1912 – 30 april 1945 was the longtime companion and, for a brief time, wife of adolf hitler.
each license is given a distinguishing version number .
most irc servers do not require users to register an account , but a user will need to set a nickname before being connected .
in the same year he also received a mechanics certificate , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
Summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by WWE, which will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
usually depicted as having a bald head and long whiskers , he is said to be an incarnation of the southern star .
some animals have chromatic response , changing color in different environments , either seasonally , like the ermine , or more rapidly, like the cephalopod family .
venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the wwf intercontinental championship at 14:10 venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a television camera .
this philosophy closely resembles the unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces .
he is from a musical family ; his mother, Larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale.
the largest populations of mennonites are in Canada , the Democratic Republic of the Congo , and the United States , but they can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the populace of those countries .
naas is a major city located in the " dublin suburb " of naas , with many people living there and working in dublin .
acanthopholis 's armour consisted of large, oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin , with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area , along the spine .
origin irmo was chartered on christmas eve in 1890 to serve as the headquarters for the three railroads that had just opened up in the area .
bills proposing by the law commission , and consolidation bills , start in the house of lords .
in the years before his final release in 1474 , when he began preparing for the reconquest of Wallachia , Vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital .
you may add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text , and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text , to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip, Illinois.
bone marrow is the soft tissue found inside bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red light , which is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets .
he is located in the commune of monteux in the vaucluse département in southern france , in the area provence-alpes-côte d ' azur .
macgruber starts asking for simple objects to disarm the bomb, but he is later distracted by something involving his personal life that makes him run out of time.
this work was substantially complete when messiaen died , and yvonne loriod undertook the final movement 's orchestration with the help of george benjamin .
Shi'ite Muslims consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca , Medina , Jerusalem and Najaf .
the pad called for the resignation of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej , and somchai wongsawat , whom the pad accused of being proxies for thaksin .
in order to travel through very remote areas , one must plan ahead and use a suitable, reliable vehicle--usually a four wheel drive.
while at kahn , he was the chief architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he excuses himself and dr. schön leaves .
britpop emerged from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
this was combined with battalions being formed for xi international brigade .
the sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines , and trains are run shorter than on the other lines .
it has a capacity of 98,772 , making it the largest stadium in europe and the eleventh largest in the world .
in December of 1967 , ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of israel .
some articles are lengthy and rich in content while others are shorter and of lesser quality .
about 95 species are currently accepted by biologists .
eugowra is located in the wimmera region of southern australia, and is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill ".
terms such as " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are often heard in English .
jurisdiction is based on public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society .
he followed this with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , the overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is aracaju
Despite this, Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
gumbasia was created in the vorkapich style , taught as kinesthetic film principles .
the lawyer , brandon waise lee , became his idol , and mk sun grew up to be a lawyer .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is located in the historic township of cabonne shire near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia
donaldson enlisted in the australian army on 18 june 2002 .
prospectors from california , europe and china were also digging in the peel river and up the mountain slopes .
before the advent of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering .
the new kindle 2 features a 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters .
yogurt is a dairy product that is produced by bacterial fermentation of milk .
seventy-five defencemen have been inducted into the hall of fame , more than any other current position , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries ; see below for a few examples , but all were rejected by mainstream christian bodies .
the album was banned from many record stores nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle .
in late 2004 , suleman made headlines by cutting howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations , citing stern 's frequent discussions about his upcoming move to sirius satellite radio .
the company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's " Wendy's Confirms Tim Hortons IPO by March ", Ottawa Business Journal, December 1, 2005, and system-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002.
plot captain Caleb Holt Kirk Cameron is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia and firmly keeps the cardinal rule of all firemen, "never leave your partner behind."
he won the presidential election on 2 march 2008 with a majority of 71.25 % of the popular vote .
the plant is a living fossil .
she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia in 1990 .
stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913 .
protests across the nation were successfully suppressed .
offenbach 's numerous operettas , such as orpheus in the underworld , and la belle hélène , were very popular in both France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles from the Tang Dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of Chang'an and in modern-day Xian .
she was a French organist , pianist , composer , and pedagogue .
by most accounts , the instrument was nearly impossible to play .
st. mary the greater , the earliest extant church in assisi .
the composition of the object appears to be fairly pure iron-nickel .
railway gazette international is a monthly business journal covering the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries worldwide .
he was appointed companion of honour in 1988 .
loèche is home to the interception installations of onyx , the Swiss intelligence gathering system.
a matchbook is a small folder with a matchcover enclosing a quantity of matches and having a coarse striking surface on the exterior .
she was one of the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking and drug use in pregnant women .
defiantly , she vowed to never leave the commune , and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
there is a three volume original english-language manga series following graystripe between the time he was taken by twolegs in dawn and he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with americans on a daily basis ; Syrians did not congregate in urban enclaves .
he was also well-known for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden metalwork furniture .
during her childhood she suffered from collapsed lungs twice , she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year , an appendix rupture , and a tonsil cyst .
dr. david lindenmeyer at australian national university has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable , for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater's possum .
the montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in montreal , Quebec , Canada .
small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors .
the gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species , especially the first species described from Norway by Rathke in 1799 , Limnoria lignorum .
wounds inflicted by a club are generally known as bludgeoning or blunt-force injuries .
thereafter the county government was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has yet successfully completed a quadruple axel in competition .
from the telephone exchange , the port jackson district commander could communicate with all military installations on the harbour .
even if someone enters a mosque without the intention of praying , there are still rules that apply .
it is about the size of a rabbit and pointed in the face.
computer performance is measured by how much work a computer system can complete in relation to the time and resources used .
some of the largest reservoirs in the world are located along the volga .
the crosier symbolizes the monasteries of the region .
human skin colors can range from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , assisted yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer reported plans to put saddam on trial but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined .
the professional hockey writers ' association selects the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
Tajikistan , Turkmenistan , Uzbekistan and Afghanistan border each other to the north , west , south and east .
nupedia was founded on march 9 , 2000 by bomis , a web portal company .
the design features key-dependent s-boxes and a highly complex key schedule .
he was born on February 19, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana, and is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was proposed by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring was decorated with golden garlands in 1938 39 , when the column was moved to its present location .
west berlin had its own postal administration which issued its own postage stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro Botticelli, circa 1482.
Sydney is New South Wales' largest city and capital.
the polymer is most often epoxy , but other polymers such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon are also sometimes used .
the name of the magazine has been retained for a related digital outlet which has survived the demise of the printed magazine .
he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern italy for the next four years , living in various orphanages and traveling through towns with groups of other homeless children .
goals were eventually added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernized .
a town may be correctly described as having market rights even if it no longer has a market , provided the right to do so still exists .
a bastion on the eastern approaches was built later .
on July 29 , events in Europe led to the Battle of Stiklestad in Norway : Olav Haraldsson lost to his pagan vassals, and he was killed in the battle .
others have theorized that tresca was eliminated by the NKVD as retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union .
this led to both montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries .
use html and css markup sparingly if necessary .
schuschnigg immediately responded that reports of riots were false .
addiscombe is a suburb in the london borough of croydon , England .
depending on the context , another closely-related meaning of constituent is a citizen residing in the area governed , represented , or otherwise served by a politician ; sometimes this is restricted to citizens who elected the politician .
he is a member of the institute of european history in mainz , and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn .
he had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead , the crew filmed the scene while riding on templin highway north of santa clarita .
the conference papers were published the next year in a book by Phelps et al .
wario's first game in the wario land series was wario land : super mario land 3 .
frédéric chopin 's opus 57 is a lullaby for solo piano.
these attacks may have been psychological in origin, rather than physical .
a historian has stated that " quinine 's efficacy allowed colonists to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa " .
furthermore , spectral studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , indicating a rocky surface composition .
she became the authoritative editor of his works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury is similar in appearance to the moon : it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains , has no natural satellites , and no substantial atmosphere .
the town is located in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
these forests provide excellent habitat for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was successively ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors descending from the Delhi Sultanate before the arrival of the Mughals in 1608 .
the prime minister is only in office as long as he or she retains the support of the lower house .
for rowling , this scene is important because it shows harry 's bravery in retrieving cedric 's corpse , and he demonstrates selflessness and compassion in doing so .
on june 1 , 1972 , he and fellow raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were apprehended after a shootout in frankfurt .
together they founded new music manchester , a group committed to new music .
the intense and compact hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper florida keys , flooding the region with a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet .
it is now the site of meher baba's samadhi tomb-shrine as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims .
the collapsed dome of the main church has been restored in its entirety .
in 2005 , meissner became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition .
Salem is located in Essex County , Massachusetts , United States .
forty-nine different species of pipefish and nine different species of seahorse have been recorded
saint martin is an island in the northeast caribbean , approximately 300 kilometers east of puerto rico .
Therefore , these PDFs can not be distributed without further modification if they contain images .
in April 1862 , ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger for participating in an armed robbery alongside frank gardiner .
heavy rain fell across portions of britain on october 5 , causing localized flooding .
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer so that a live usb can be created , where the user's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired .
in relation to the parties ' relative strength in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : free democratic party : 2 members , christian democratic people 's party : 2 members , social democratic party : 2 members , and swiss people 's party : 1 member .
a fee is the price one pays for services , especially the honorarium paid to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other professional .
Ohio State 's library system has 21 libraries located on its columbus campus.
in other developments , both iceland and greenland acknowledged the overlordship of norway , but scotland was able to repulse a norse invasion and negotiate a favorable peace settlement .
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in April 2000 , minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence , but by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities , and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists .
The body color of the snake ranges from a medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and occasionally, it has dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
the britannica was originally a Scottish enterprise , as symbolized by its thistle logo , the floral emblem of Scotland .
the area covered by the warning issued on september 22 was later extended southwards as jose intensified , before being canceled soon after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune claimed that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs against iraqi republican guards during the initial stages of combat .
the former provided audiences with the sort of information later provided by intertitles , and this can help historians imagine what the film may have been like .
that is because real estate , businesses and other assets in the hidden economies of the third world cannot be used as collateral to finance industrial and commercial expansion .
he ran away from sydney cove several times before he was shot and killed in 1796 .
Ned and Dan marched forward to the police camp , ordering them to surrender .
before the game got underway , the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance had not been up to par with veeck 's usual promotional standard .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now, joss whedon confirmed that " fray is not done, fray is coming back."
a mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States .
civil unrest in northern italy led to the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants .
various reports suggest that both paralysis and hallucinations are more likely when a number of factors are in place .
his sentence was transportation to australia for seven years .
waugh writes that charles had been " looking for love " when he first met sebastian , finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , informing the work on a number of levels .
her infamous friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin played an important role in her life .
the term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are situated on the top or near the top of an animal .
the term " protein " was coined by berzelius after mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of large molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang hid out for 16 months avoiding capture .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region of northwestern France .
color can range from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 an extension was added , curving north from union station , below university avenue and queen 's park , and terminating at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , a railway section passed along the western side of the simpson desert .
it is located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmias or sudden cardiac death or both .
as the largest subregion in mesoamerica , it encompassed a vast and varied landscape , from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google subsequently made the comic available on both google books and their site, mentioning it on its official blog along with an explanation for the early release.
anyone may register for a pedigree with the college , where they are carefully investigated and require official proofs before being changed .
the book, Political Economy, was published in 1985 but had little classroom adoption.
he toured with the ipo in 1990 and 1994 for their first-ever performances in the soviet union , and also toured with them in 1990 and 1994 in China and India .
the french emperor Napoleon III was victorious in the 1809 campaign against emperor Alexander I of Russia at the Battle of Wagram , resulting in the capitulation of over 50,000 Russian soldiers and the capture of over 20,000 artillery pieces .
it is the economic center of northern nigeria , and a center for the production and export of groundnuts .
a majority of south Indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora received multiple awards and honors .
after a brief standoff , the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho .
most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and his son, robert b. sherman .
in the 5th century , Slavs started to move into the area .
from 1900 to 1920 , many new facilities were constructed on campus , including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, hill auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
winchester is located in scott county , Illinois , United States
the name arzashkun seems to be the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka formed from a proper name arzash , which recalls the name arsene , arsissa , applied by the ancients to part of lake van .
out of 16,421 participants in the national casting , she was chosen as one of the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show .
it aired on the abc network from its debut on september 21, 1993 to march 1, 2005.
the latter device can then be used in less stringent environments .
gimnasia hired both famed colombian trainers francisco maturana and julio césar falcioni, but both of them had limited success.
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa, United States.
furthermore , she starred in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on June 24 , 1979 , the 750th anniversary of the village of Glinde , it received its town charter .
pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 and later mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , although she is now described as " mario 's friend ".
the vagina stretches to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth .
his real date of birth was never recorded , but it is believed to be in the 1935-1939 range .
a quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance needs to be used to inhibit a given biological process or component by half.
although the name suggests they are located in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern , portions of the bernese alps are in the adjacent cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
he had one daughter with Ann Power , later baptized as Mary Ann Fisher Power .
during an interview , edward gorey mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists , lamenting the fact that he wasn't as well-known as he should have been .
the string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can produce different notes , and each mode appears as a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
he also earned an academy award nomination when he portrayed fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .
