one side of the wars is mainly the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group usually made up of the afro-arab abbala tribes in the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
jeddah is the main entry to mecca , islam's holiest city , which able-bodied muslims must visit at least once in their life .
it is thought that the great dark spot is a hole in the methane cloud layer of neptune .
his next work , saturday , shows an eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord and , tying it to the ball , quickly crawled away to the east , pulling on the cord with all his might .
he died six weeks later on 13 january 888 .
they are culturally similar to the coastal people of papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the kate greenaway medal winner also receives the colin mears award which is worth £ 5000 .
after the drummers are the dancers , who usually play the sogo  a tiny drum that has little sound  and usually have more complex — even acrobatic — choreography .
the spacecraft is made up of two main parts : the nasa cassini orbiter , named after giovanni domenico cassini , and the esa huygens probe , named after christiaan huygens .
alessandro  " sandro "  mazzola , born on 8 november 1942 , is a former italian football player .
it was first believed that the debris caused by the collision filled the smaller craters .
graham went to wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 and got a ba in anthropology .
however , the bzö is different to the freedom party , as it supports a referendum about the lisbon treaty but opposes an eu-withdrawal .
due to european settlement , many species had disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century .
in 1987 wexler was added to the rock and roll hall of fame .
dextromethorphan is a white powder in its pure form.
getting into tsinghua is very hard .
now nrc is an independent , private foundation .
it is located at the coast of the baltic sea , surrounding the city of stralsund .
he was also given the title of 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated .
fives is a british sport believed to have the same source as many racquet sports .
for example , king bhumibol was born on a monday , so throughout thailand will be decorated with yellow on his birthday .
both names were no longer used in 2007 when they combined into the national museum of scotland .
however , tagore adopted many styles , such as craftwork from northern new ireland , haida carvings from british columbia , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , john f. kennedy suggested the idea of what became the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she performed for president reagan in 1988 on the public broadcasting service 's series " great performances at the white house ".
perry saturn and terri defeated eddie guerrero and chyna to gain the wwf european championship , with saturn pinning guerrero after a diving elbow drop .
she stayed in the united states until 1927 when she and her husband went back to france .
despina was found in late july , 1989 from the pictures taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship happened on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he also wrote two collections of short stories titled the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
voyager 2 images show ophelia as an elongated object , with the major axis facing towards uranus .
they chose to remove him and take the land with force .
some towns on the eyre highway in south-east western australia , between the sa border and caiguna , do not use the official western australian time .
colored and iridescent shell pieces have been used for architectural decoration , creating mosaics and inlays for walls , furniture and boxes .
the other cities in the palos verdes peninsula are rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
scared that drek will ruin the galaxy , clank asks ratchet to help him find the renowned superhero captain qwark , to prevent drek .
it is not a real louse .
he supports using a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also promotes interaction design as a mainstream discipline .
it is possible that the other editors who reported you , and the administrator who blocked you , are part of a scheme against someone they ' ve never seen from half the world away .
group i : examines scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain is part of the hebrides , divided from the scottish mainland and the inner hebrides by the rough waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife had a daughter , alanna marie orton , on july 12 , 2008 .
the minor planet center , a branch of the iau , formally oversees number-name combinations for minor planets .
by early on september 30 , wind shear became very strong and the storm started to weaken .
every entry has a datum  a piece of data  which is a copy of the datum in some storage .
thus , even though some mosques do not enforce these rules , both men and women must still obey them when going to a mosque .
mariel of redwall , a fantasy novel by brian jacques , was published in 1991 .
ryan prosser , born 10 july , 1988 , is a rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
like previous assessment reports , it is made of four reports , three of them from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot , who was named after pierre curie , is a well-known biochemist .
this stamp stayed the standard letter stamp for the rest of victoria 's rule , and many were printed .
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts  mma  organization called the world 's first mma league .
giardia lamblia , also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis , is a flagellated protozoan parasite that lives and reproduces in the small intestine which leads to giardiasis .
cameron has also often worked in christian-themed productions , such as the post-rapture films left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he plays cameron " buck " williams .
this was the region east of the vistula river , sometimes named " prussia proper " .
after graduating , he went back to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and then was named artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts from the gospel of matthew and luke .
he later got into trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy alcohol consumption and wild behavior .
so far , ' celebrity ' episodes have had vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
stephen p. synnott discovered it in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5 , 1979 while it was orbiting around jupiter .
gomaespuma was a spanish radio show with juan luis cano and guillermo fesser as hosts .
on 16 june 2009 , the resistance's release date was announced on the band's website .
he is also part of the boyband 183 club .
the apostolic tradition , believed to be written by the theologian hippolytus , says that hallel psalms were sung with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts .
in return , rollo promised loyalty to charles , changed his religion to christianity , and defended the northern part of france from other viking groups .
it comes from voice of america  voa  special english .
disney was given a full-size oscar statuette and seven small ones , which was presented to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid found by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is an administrative area in graubünden canton , switzerland .
it exists today as bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .
this causes customer misunderstanding when 220  1,048,576  bytes is referred to as 1 mb  megabyte  instead of 1 mib .
numerous reports have been written which focus on ethics in scholarship related to the incident .
they are castrated to make the animal more docile or to gain weight quickly .
seventh sons have special " knacks "  magical abilities  , and seventh sons of seventh sons are rare and very powerful .
benchmarking by passmark software shows the 2009 version 's 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory need .
volterra is a town in tuscany , italy .
historically , itch and pain have not been seen as separate until recently , when it was found that itch has similarities with pain , but also has some differences .
the tongue is sticky due to glycoprotein-rich mucous , which both lubricates movement in and out of the snout and also helps to catch ants and termites , sticking to it .
the same tram had derailed at starr gate loop during earlier tests on 30 may 2006 .
two statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , who were both former ipswich town and england managers , are outside the ground .
find the square root of the variance .
volunteers gave food , blankets , water , children 's toys , massages , and a live rock band performance to everyone at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe region in northwestern france .
without strong land use controls , buildings will be built along a bypass , making it just like an ordinary town road , and the bypass can become as congested as the local streets it was meant to avoid .
it is also a beginning point for people who want to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises usually hurt but are usually not dangerous .
no one connected with wikipedia , in any way whatsoever , can be responsible for how you use the information from these web pages .
george frideric handel was also the kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover , who eventually became george i of great britain .
their eyes are very small and they have poor eyesight .
only chitin is tougher than them as biological materials .
oregano is an essential ingredient in greek cooking .
tickets can be bought for national rail services , the docklands light railway and oyster card .
he created and published these works himself , while his bigger woodcuts were mostly commissioned .
the historical method is the set of techniques and rules that historians use to research and write history with primary sources and other evidence .
the weight of the continental icecap on lake vostok is believed to increase the high oxygen concentration .
in 2000 , the population was 89,148 .
aliteracy , sometimes spelled alliteracy , is the state of being able to read but not wanting to .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid drug used as a medicine .
it will then drift back to the river bottom to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
furthermore , studies have shown children are less likely to tell about a crime if it includes someone that he or she knows , trusts , and / or loves .
now , landis ' father is a big supporter of his son and thinks of himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans .
after becoming a category 4 hurricane , its outer convection became ragged .
the equilibrium wage for a certain type of labor is the price .
believing the grounds were haunted , they chose to publish their findings in a book an adventure  1911  , using the pen names elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he moved to london and focused on teaching .
brunstad has fast food restaurants , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and a grocery store .
he left 11,000 troops to guard the recently conquered area .
in 1438 trevi became part of the legation of perugia which was run by the church , and after that its history is connected to the states of the church and then in 1860 , to the united kingdom of italy .
the depression moved inland on the 20th without any storms , and was gone by the next day in brazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was a law enforcement agency from 1952 to 1995 .
the current band consists of flynn  vocals , guitar  , duce  bass  , phil demmel  guitar  , and dave mcclain  drums  .
countries with small muslim populations are more likely than muslim-majority countries of the middle east to use mosques to encourage civic participation .
their characters are bad-mouthed versions of their old characters pete and dud .
johan was the original bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but he left before the band ever released a studio album .
in 1998 , culver won the election for iowa secretary of state .
in 1990 , mark messier won the hart over ray bourque by two votes , due to a single first-place vote .
shade's impulsive disobedience of the law sets off the main plot of the novel , leading to the destruction of his colony's home , their early migration , and his separation from them .
the female version is a daughter .
in april 1999 , he was diagnosed with an incurable abdominal cancer .
before the storm , the national park service shut down visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks .
they play speed chess with each player having twelve minutes for the entire game .
the amazon basin is the area of south america that is drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two former presidents were later charged with mutiny and treason for their parts in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
moderate to severe damage was seen up the atlantic coastline and inland to west virginia .
these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies because the owner is usually unaware .
the wave moved across the atlantic , and formed into a tropical depression near the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .
for instance , the stylebook of the associated press is updated every year .
the four canonical gospels are matthew , mark , luke and john , written between ad 65 and 100 .
since the late 19th century, eschelbronn is famous for its furniture manufacturing industry.
the top half looks like the coat of arms of the old district oberbarnim .
however , unlike earth 's clouds which are made of ice crystals , neptune 's cirrus clouds are made from frozen methane crystals .
they are not allowed to participate until they turn into legal adults .
stable releases are uncommon , but there are usually subversion snapshots that are secure enough to use .
finally in 1482 the order sent him to florence , the ‘ city of his destiny ’ .
during the soviet era , the bolsheviks destroyed two of rostov's main landmarks- st alexander nevsky cathedral 1908 and st george cathedral in nakhichevan 1783-1807.
he died on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , spain and was buried in the san benito d ' alcantara church .
stanley l. miller and harold c. urey showed this in the miller-urey experiment in 1953 .
cogeneration , also known as combined heat and power ( CHP ) , is the use of a motor or power station to produce electricity and useful heat at the same time .
sometimes the male " den master " lets in a second male into the den ; the purpose is unknown .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript and / or css code snippet that can be turned on by checking an option in your preferences .
here are some helpful links to encourage your involvement .
he was the prime minister of egypt between 1945 and 1948 .
she was not taken with the others when the nicoleños were relocated to the mainland , and there are many possible reasons for this .
james i appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal and he was an organist there from 1615 until his death .
chauvin was embarrassed to get his award and at first indicated that he could not accept it .
later , esperanto speakers saw the language and the culture that had developed around it as goals in themselves , even if esperanto is never accepted by the united nations or other international organizations .
dry air wrapping around the cyclone's southern side damaged most of the deep convection by early on september 12 .
calvin baker is a novelist from america .
eva anna paula braun , also known as eva anna paula hitler ( 6 february 1912 – 30 april 1945 ) was the companion and wife of adolf hitler for a short time .
each license is given its own version number .
users do not have to register to use an irc server , but they do need to set a nickname first .
in the same year , he also got a mechanics certificate , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
summerslam  2009  is a professional wrestling pay-per-view event presented by world wrestling entertainment  wwe  , which will occur on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles , california .
usually pictured as bald , with long whiskers , he is believed to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
some animals have chromatic response , meaning they change color in different environments , either long-term  ermine , snowshoe hare  or quickly with chromatophores in their skin  the cephalopod family  .
val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to keep the wwf intercontinental championship , when venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera .
this is similar to the unix philosophy of having many programs each doing one thing well and working together through universal interfaces .
coming from a musical family , his mother larue was an administrative assistant and singer , and his father keith brion was a band director at yale .
the most numerous mennonites are in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states , yet they can also be found in small communities in at least 51 countries across six continents or among the people of those countries .
a lot of people reside in naas and work in dublin , making it a major " dublin suburb " town .
acanthopholis had oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin , with spikes on their neck , shoulders , and spine .
history irmo was chartered on christmas eve in 1890 when the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad opened .
but , bills proposed by the law commission , and consolidation bills , start in the house of lords .
before his final release in 1474 , vlad and his new wife lived in a house in the hungarian capital , while he was preparing the reconquest of wallachia .
you can add up to five words as a front-cover text and up to 25 words as a back-cover text to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is the flexible tissue inside bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue as they scatter blue light more efficiently than red , like the blue sky and red sunsets .
monteux is a commune of the vaucluse département in southern france , in the provence-alpes-côte d ' azur region .
macgruber tries to get objects to make something to deactivate the bomb , but something related to his personal life makes him run out of time .
yvonne loriod completed the final movement's orchestration with help from george benjamin after messiaen's death .
shi ' a muslims have karbala as one of their most holy cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
the pad wanted the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat to resign , as they were claimed to be thaksin's agents .
however travelling through very isolated areas , on isolated tracks , needs advance planning and a suitable , dependable vehicle , usually a four wheel drive .
while at kahn he was the main architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he excuses himself to go to rehearsal and he and dr. schön leave .
britpop started in the british independent music scene of the early 1990s and was defined by groups that were inspired by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
this was added to battalions that were being created for xi international brigade .
the sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines , so shorter trains are run .
it has a capacity of 98,772 , making it the biggest stadium in europe and the eleventh biggest in the world .
in december , 1967 , ten boom was recognized as one of the righteous among the nations by israel .
some articles are longer and have more content while others are shorter and not as good .
around 95 species are accepted now .
eugowra is said to be named from an aboriginal word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill " .
terms like " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are common in english .
jurisdiction comes from public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of government to give resources for the benefit of its native society .
he then wrote several other pieces related to hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's farewell .
the capital of the state is aracaju , with a population of .
despite this , she was paid less than her male colleagues for almost ten years .
gumbasia was made in a style vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles .
brandon waise lee inspired mk sun , and he became a lawyer .
canowindra is an old township located near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .
he enlisted in the australian army on 18 june 2002 .
prospectors from california , europe and china searched along the peel river and up the mountain slopes .
before pocket calculators , the slide rule was the most popular calculation tool in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display , better battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and its overall thickness decreased from 0.8 to 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  .
yoghurt is a dairy product created by bacteria fermenting milk .
seventy-five defencemen have been inducted into the hall of fame , more than any other position , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
different ideas about the subject have been suggested throughout the centuries  see below  , but all were refused by mainstream christian groups .
the album was not allowed in many record stores nationwide .
the legs are wide near the top , and thin near the ankle .
in late 2004 , suleman removed howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations , since stern was often talking about his upcoming move to sirius satellite radio .
the company opened double the number of canadian outlets as mcdonald 's , and system-wide sales also exceeded mcdonald 's canadian operations by 2002 " wendy 's confirms tim hortons ipo by march " , ottawa business journal , december 1 , 2005 .
captain caleb holt  kirk cameron  is a firefighter in albany , georgia and he religiously follows the cardinal rule of all firemen , " never leave your partner behind " .
he won the presidential election of 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the popular vote .
it is considered a living fossil .
in 1990 , she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia .
in 1913 , stravinsky had the idea of writing the ballet .
the protests were suppressed nationwide .
offenbach 's operettas , like orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène , became very popular in france and other english-speaking countries in the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles from the tang dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the old city of chang ' an , which is now xian .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux  february 13 , 1921 november 11 , 1968  was a french organist , pianist , composer and teacher .
the instrument was almost impossible to control .
santa maria maggiore  st. mary the greater  is the oldest church in assisi .
radar observations show a pure iron-nickel composition .
railway gazette international is a monthly business magazine focusing on the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries worldwide .
he was given the title of companion of honour  ch  in 1988 .
loèche has the installations of onyx , the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small folder of cardboard that contains matches and has a rough striking surface on the outside .
she was one of the first doctors to oppose cigarette smoking near children , and drug use in pregnant women .
she firmly vowed to never renounce the commune , and challenged the judges to sentence her to death .
there is a three volume oel manga series following graystripe , from when he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
syrians did not live in segregated cities ; many of the immigrants who had been peddlers were able to meet americans daily (Samovar & Porter, 1994, p. 84).
he was also known for his prints , book covers , posters , and metal garden furniture .
during childhood she had collapsed lungs twice , pneumonia 4-5 times a year , a ruptured appendix , and a tonsillar cyst .
dr. david lindenmeyer from the australian national university has argued that the need for nest boxes shows that logging practices are not good for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum .
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team located in montreal , quebec , canada .
small valued inductors can also be made on integrated circuits using the same techniques as transistors .
gribble was originally the word used to describe the wood-boring species , especially the first one that rathke discovered in norway in 1799 , limnoria lignorum .
a club causes wounds known as bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
afterwards the county 's administration was done at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has achieved a quadruple axel in competition .
the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military sites on the harbour from the telephone exchange .
but , even to those who go into a mosque prayer hall without the intention of praying , there are still rules to follow .
it is described as having a pointed face and being about the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by the amount of useful work done by a computer system compared to the time and resources used .
there are some of the largest reservoirs in the world near the volga .
the crosier represents the monasteries of the region .
human skin tones range from dark brown to pale pink .
under a grant from the ford foundation , bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , helped yunus incorporate the bank officially .
bremer said that saddam would be put on trial , but the details had not been figured out yet .
the professional hockey writers ' association vote for the all-star team at the end of the season .
tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan surround afghanistan to the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south and the people 's republic of china to the east .
nupedia was created on march 9 , 2000 , owned by bomis , inc , a web portal company .
key-dependent s-boxes and a complicated key schedule are features of the design .
iain grieve , born 19 february , 1987 in jwaneng , botswana , is a rugby union back-rower for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
other settlements close by are pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
murray gell-mann and george zweig separately proposed the quark model in 1964 .
the fourth ring was decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938-39 when the column was relocated to its current spot .
west berlin had its own postal system , different from west germany 's , and released its own stamps until 1990 .
sandro botticelli painted the primavera in c.1482 .
sydney is the biggest city and capital of new south wales .
the polymer used is usually epoxy , but other polymers like polyester , vinyl ester or nylon can be used too .
the name has been kept as a brand for a related digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which still exist after the magazine was gone .
at four-and-a-half years old he was alone on the streets of northern italy for the next four years , living in different orphanages and wandering through towns with groups of other homeless children .
stands were added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground modernised .
a town can be called a market town or having market rights even if it no longer holds a market , if the right to do so is still there .
a bastion was later built on the eastern side .
on july 29 , olav haraldsson was defeated by his pagan vassals and killed in the battle of stiklestad in norway .
some believe tresca was killed by the nkvd as revenge for his criticism of stalin's soviet union .
this led to montenegro and serbia becoming independent countries .
use html and css markup only when necessary .
schuschnigg said publicly that reports of riots were false .
addiscombe is a suburb in croydon , england .
depending on the context , constituent can also mean a citizen living in the area governed , represented , or served by a politician ; sometimes this is limited to citizens who voted the politician in .
prunk is part of the institute of european history in mainz , and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn .
stallone had a cameo in the 2003 french movie taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead , the crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm that was connected to the " hovercraft " and they filmed the scene while moving on templin highway north of santa clarita .
the conference papers were published in the following year in a bookmicroeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al .
the wario land series is a platforming series that began with wario land : super mario land 3 , a spin-off of the super mario land franchise .
frédéric chopin 's opus 57 is a lullaby for solo piano .
these attacks were likely psychological instead of physical .
a historian said that " because quinine was so effective , colonists had a chance to move into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa " .
additionally , spectroscopic studies have shown signs of hydrated minerals and silicates , which suggests a stone-like surface .
she edited her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury looks like the moon : it has many craters , areas of smooth plains , no natural satellites and no atmosphere .
geography the town is located in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
this offers great habitat for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was taken over by the turkish and afghan governors from the delhi sultanate until the mughals arrived in 1608 .
the prime minister remains in power only as long as they keep the lower house's support .
this scene is important to rowling because it reveals harry's bravery and by getting cedric's body , he shows selflessness and compassion.
on june 1 , 1972 , he and two other raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were arrested after a long shootout in frankfurt .
they formed new music manchester , a group dedicated to contemporary music .
the strong and intense hurricane caused severe destruction in the upper florida keys , with a storm surge of about 18 to 20 feet affecting the area .
it is currently the spot of meher baba 's samadhi tomb-shrine and also facilities and accommodations for pilgrims .
the dome of the main church has been completely restored .
in 2005 , meissner became the second american woman to do the triple axel jump in national competition .
salem is a city in massachusetts , usa .
forty-nine types of pipefish and nine types of seahorse have been noted down .
saint martin is a tropical island in the northeast caribbean , about 300 km (186 miles) east of puerto rico .
so , these pdfs cannot be shared without further manipulation if they have images .
in april 1862 , ben was arrested by police inspector sir frederick pottinger for joining frank gardiner in an armed robbery .
there was heavy rain in parts of britain on october 5 , resulting in flooding .
version 2009.1 has a usb installer to make a live usb , where the user's configuration and personal data can be kept if wanted .
depending on the parties ' strength in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : free democratic party  fdp  : 2 , christian democratic people 's party  cvp  : 2 , social democratic party  sp  : 2 , and swiss people 's party  svp  : 1 .
a fee is the money paid for services , particularly the honorarium paid to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other professional .
ohio state 's library system has twenty-one libraries on its columbus campus .
in other news , iceland and greenland both accepted norway 's domination , but scotland was able to fight off a norse invasion and secure a good peace agreement .
the singles from the album were " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in april 2000 , minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence , but other operating systems had become better by that time , so it was mainly used by students and hobbyists .
the body color varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and sometimes , it has dark brown spots , especially on the limbs .
the britannica was mainly a scottish business , as showed by its thistle logo , the flower symbol of scotland .
the area in the warning issued on september 22 was expanded southward as jose became stronger , before being canceled soon after coming ashore on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune claimed that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders admitted to using mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the beginning of battle .
the latter gave audiences the same sort of information that intertitles do now , and it helps historians to understand what the film was like .
this is because the assets in the underground economies of the third world can not be used as collateral to get money to finance industrial and commercial growth .
he ran away from sydney cove multiple times before being killed in 1796 .
ned and dan marched to the police camp and demanded they surrender .
before the second game started , the press said that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance was not veeck's usual promotional standard .
in a short video for the charity equality now joss whedon stated that " fray is not done , fray is coming back .
a mutant is a type of fictional character seen in marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test  formerly scholastic aptitude test and scholastic assessment test  is a test for college admissions in the united states .
civil unrest in northern italy leads to the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by groups of flagellants .
reports say that various factors can increase the chance of paralysis and hallucinations .
he was sentenced to seven years of transportation to australia .
waugh says charles was " in search of love in those days " when he met sebastian , and found " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , a metaphor that has a big influence on the work .
her close friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also a big part of her life .
the term dorsal indicates anatomical structures that are either situated on or grow from that side of an animal .
berzelius named the term " protein " after mulder noticed that all proteins had the same formula and might be made from a single large molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang hid for 16 months to avoid getting caught .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in northwestern france .
the color ranges from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 they built an extension , going north from union station , below university avenue and queen 's park towards bloor street , then turning west to end at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , a part of the commonwealth railways central australian line ran along the western side of the simpson desert .
it is situated on an old portage trail which goes west through the mountains to unalakleet .
those with cardiomyopathy are often susceptible to arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both .
as the biggest sub-region in mesoamerica , it included a large and varied terrain , from the mountainous sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google later put the comic on google books and their site and mentioned it on its official blog with a reason for the early release .
you can register a pedigree with the college , and they will audit it and ask for official proofs before changing it .
the book , political economy , was released in 1985 , but had little classroom use .
he went on a tour with the ipo in 1990 to perform in the soviet union for the first time , playing in moscow and leningrad , and he toured with the ipo again in 1994 , playing in china and india .
during the napoleonic wars , austrian general mack surrendered his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm , giving napoleon more than 30,000 prisoners and causing 10,000 casualties on the austrians .
it is the economic centre of northern nigeria and a place for the production and export of groundnuts .
most south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora won the band multiple awards and honors .
after a short confrontation , the wwf cavalry changed direction and attacked kane and jericho .
richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman wrote most of the songs .
in the 5th century the slavs began to move into the region .
between 1900 and 1920 many new buildings were made on campus , such as for the dental and pharmacy programs , a chemistry building , a building for the natural sciences , hill auditorium , big hospital and library complexes , and two residence halls .
winchester is a city in illinois in the united states .
arzashkun appears to be the assyrian version of an armenian name ending in -ka derived from the proper name arzash , which is similar to the name arsene , arsissa , used by the ancients for part of lake van .
from 16,421 people in the national casting , she was chosen among the 15 to be on the tv show .
its episodes aired on the abc network from september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
the second device can be made and used in less stringent environments .
gimnasia first hired famed colombian coach francisco maturana , and then julio césar falcioni , but neither had much success .
brighton is a city in washington county , iowa .
she was also in several music videos , such as " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24 1979  glinde was given its town charter to mark its 750th anniversary .
pauline came back in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 , and later mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , although she is now described as " mario 's friend " .
the vagina is very flexible and can expand to many times its normal size during childbirth .
the exact date of his birth is unknown , but it is thought to be from 1935 to 1939 .
this quantitative measure shows how much of a particular drug or other substance  inhibitor  is needed to stop a given biological process  or part of a process , such as an enzyme , cell , cell receptor or microorganism  by half .
although they are named after the bernese oberland region of bern , parts of the bernese alps stretch into the cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
there he had one daughter , called mary ann fisher power , with ann  e  power .
edward gorey said during an interview that bawden was one of his favorite artists , regretting that not many people remembered or knew about him .
the string can vibrate in different ways , like a guitar string can produce different notes , which each look like a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable received an academy award nomination when he acted as fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .
