one side of the war is mainly made up of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a militia from the abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
jeddah is the main entrance to mecca , the holiest city in islam , which able-bodied muslims must visit at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is believed to be a hole in neptune's methane cloud layer .
his next work , saturday , tells the story of an eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula , the trickster character , tied a black cord to the ball and dragged it east with all his strength .
he died six weeks later , on 13 january 888 .
they are related to the coastal people of papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the winner of the kate greenaway medal has also received the colin mears award worth £ 5000 .
after the drummers are dancers , who sometimes play the sogo  a small drum that barely produces sound  and usually have more complex — even acrobatic — choreography .
the spacecraft includes two main parts : the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe .
sandro mazzola was born on 8 november 1942 and is a former italian football player.
it was thought that the debris filled in the smaller craters .
graham went to wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 , and received a ba in anthropology after graduating .
however , the bzö is different from the freedom party , as it supports a referendum on the lisbon treaty but opposes an eu-withdrawal .
many species disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century due to european settlement .
in 1987 , wexler was honored with induction into the rock and roll hall of fame .
dextromethorphan comes in a white powder form .
getting into tsinghua is very difficult .
nrc is now an independent , private foundation .
it is located at the coast of the baltic sea , encompassing the city of stralsund .
he was named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated .
fives is a british sport that likely originated from the same roots as many racquet sports .
for example , king bhumibol was born on a monday , so on his birthday , thailand will be decorated in yellow .
both names disappeared in 2007 when they were combined into the national museum of scotland.
tagore replicated many styles , such as craftwork from northern new ireland , haida carvings from british columbia , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , john f. kennedy suggested the idea of the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she performed for president reagan in 1988 in the great performances at the white house series , which was broadcast on pbs .
perry saturn and terri defeated eddie guerrero and chyna to win the wwf european championship, with saturn pinning guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
she stayed in the us until 1927 , when she and her husband went back to france .
despina was spotted in late july , 1989 from the photos taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship happened on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he wrote two collections of short stories named the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
voyager 2 images show ophelia as an elongated object , with its major axis pointing towards uranus .
they decided to get rid of him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in western australia do not follow western australian time .
colored and iridescent shell has been used to create mosaics and inlays for architectural decoration , which have been used to embellish walls , furniture and boxes .
the other cities on the palos verdes peninsula are rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
clank fears that drek will ruin the galaxy , so he asks ratchet to help him locate the famous superhero captain qwark , in order to prevent drek .
it is not a true louse .
he supports using a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also promotes interaction design as an important discipline .
it is possible that the other editors and the administrator who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone from far away .
group i evaluates the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain is part of the hebrides , divided from the mainland and inner hebrides by the rough seas of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife had a daughter , alanna marie , on july 12 , 2008 .
minor planet names and numbers are controlled by the minor planet center , a part of the iau .
by early on september 30 , wind shear rose and a decrease began .
each entry contains a datum , a piece of data taken from a backing store .
therefore , both men and women must follow these guidelines when attending a mosque , even if some mosques do not enforce violations .
mariel of redwall is a fantasy book written by brian jacques in 1991 .
ryan prosser , born on 10 july , 1988 , plays professional rugby union for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
the report has four parts , three from its working groups , like the other reports .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics and their grandson pierre joliot is a biochemist .
this stamp stayed the main letter stamp for the rest of victoria's rule , and many were printed .
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts promotion , which was the world's first mma league .
giardia lamblia , also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis , is a flagellated protozoan parasite that lives in and reproduces in the small intestine , leading to giardiasis .
cameron has also often been part of christian-themed productions , such as the post-rapture films left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he stars as cameron " buck " williams .
this was the area east of the vistula river , sometimes called " prussia proper " .
after graduating , he came back to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and was later named artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the gospel of matthew and the gospel of luke .
he later found himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his alcohol consumption and inappropriate behaviour .
so far , celebrities like vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan have appeared in episodes .
stephen p. synnott discovered it in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5 , 1979 while orbiting around jupiter .
juan luis cano and guillermo fesser hosted the spanish radio show , gomaespuma .
on 16 june 2009 , the release date of the resistance was revealed on the band's website .
he is also part of another jungiery boyband 183 club .
hippolytus wrote about the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts .
in response , rollo pledged loyalty to charles , accepted christianity , and promised to protect the northern area of france from other viking groups .
it originates from voice of america  voa  special english .
disney was given a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , given to him by 10-year-old actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid found by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is a district in the canton of graubünden , switzerland .
it is now called bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .
this causes confusion for consumers when 220  1,048,576  bytes is referred to as 1 mb  megabyte  instead of 1 mib .
reports have been made about ethics in scholarship due to the incident .
they are castrated to make the animal calmer or to help it gain weight faster .
seventh sons have special powers , and seventh sons of seventh sons are very rare and strong .
passmark software 's benchmarking showed the 2009 version's install time of 52 seconds , scan time of 32 seconds , and memory utilization of 7 mb .
volterra is a town in tuscany , italy .
until recently , the sensations of itch and pain were not thought to be separate , but it was found that itch has similarities to pain , but also some differences .
the tongue is sticky due to the glycoprotein-rich mucous , which lubricates movement in and out of the snout and catches ants and termites that stick to it .
the tram derailed at starr gate loop during prior tests on 30 may 2006 .
statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers , stand outside the ground .
find the square root of the variance .
volunteers gave out food , blankets , water , children's toys , massages , and a live rock band performance for those in the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in northwestern france .
if there are no land use restrictions , buildings will be built along a bypass , turning it into a regular town road , and eventually it may become as congested as the roads it was meant to avoid .
it is an ideal place to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises may cause pain but are usually not dangerous .
no one connected with wikipedia can be responsible for how you use the information from its pages .
george frideric handel was also kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover , who later became george i of great britain .
their eyes are small and their vision is bad .
they are only rivaled in toughness by chitin .
oregano is essential in greek cooking .
tickets can be purchased for national rail services , the docklands light railway and with an oyster card .
he made and published these works himself , while his bigger woodcuts were mostly commissioned projects .
the historical method includes the techniques and guidelines that historians use to research and write history using primary sources and other evidence.
the heavy icecap on lake vostok is thought to contribute to the high oxygen levels .
in 2000 , the population was 89,148 .
aliteracy is the inability to read despite the ability to do so .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid medicine .
it will then sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
additionally , studies have shown children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone close to them .
now , landis ' father is a dedicated supporter of his son and sees himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans .
once it reached category 4 status , the hurricane's outer convection became disorganized .
the equilibrium wage for a certain type of labor is the price .
believing the grounds were haunted , they chose to release their findings in a book titled "An Adventure" in 1911 , using the aliases of elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he moved to london and focused on teaching .
brunstad has multiple fast food restaurants , a cafeteria , coffee bar , and a grocery store .
he left 11,000 troops to guard the newly captured region .
in 1438 , trevi was ruled by the church as part of the legation of perugia , and afterwards , its history was linked to the states of the church , and then in 1860 , with the united kingdom of italy .
the depression came onto land on the 20th without convection , and dissipated the following day in brazil , bringing heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was a police force in new york city from 1952 to 1995 .
the band consists of flynn  vocals , guitar  , duce  bass  , phil demmel  guitar  , and dave mcclain  drums  .
nations with a minority muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries to use mosques to increase civic involvement .
the characters are crude versions of pete and dud .
johan was the original bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but he left before they released a studio album .
in 1998 , culver won the race for iowa secretary of state .
in 1990 , mark messier won the hart trophy over ray bourque by two votes , one of which was a first-place vote .
shade starts the main plot of the novel when he breaks the law , and this causes a series of events that damages his colony's home , making them move earlier than planned , and causing him to be away from them .
her counterpart is a daughter .
in april 1999 , he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer .
before the storm , the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks .
speed chess is the type of chess played , with each player having twelve minutes for the entire game .
the amazon basin is the area in south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two former presidents were later indicted for mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
there was moderate to severe damage along the atlantic coast and even as far inland as west virginia .
the owner tends to be unaware of these computers , which are metaphorically compared to zombies .
it moved across the atlantic , and formed into a tropical depression near the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .
the associated press stylebook is updated each year .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , mark , luke and john , likely written between ad 65 and 100 .
since the late 19th century , eschelbronn has been known for its furniture industry .
the top half of the seal looks like the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
unlike earth's clouds , which are made up of ice crystals , neptune's cirrus clouds are composed of frozen methane crystals .
they cannot participate fully until they reach legal adulthood .
stable releases are rare , but there are often stable subversion snapshots available .
in 1482 , he was sent to florence , the ‘ city of his destiny ’ .
during the soviet times , two of rostov's main monuments - st alexander nevsky cathedral  1908  and st george cathedral in nakhichevan  1783-1807  - were destroyed.
he passed away on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , spain and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .
stanley l. miller and harold c. urey showed this in the miller-urey experiment in 1953 .
cogeneration , also known as combined heat and power or CHP , is the use of a heat engine or a power station to generate electricity and useful heat at the same time.
sometimes the male " den master " will let a second male into the den ; the reason is unknown .
wikipedia gadgets are javascript and / or css snippets that can be enabled with a single check in your wikipedia preferences .
here are some helpful links to help you get involved .
he was the prime minister of egypt from 1945 to 1948 .
she stayed behind when the rest of the nicoleños were taken to the mainland , and there are various reasons for this .
james i chose him as a gentleman of the chapel royal , and he was an organist there from at least 1615 until his death .
chauvin was embarrassed to get the award and initially thought of not taking it .
later , esperanto speakers viewed the language and related culture as having value on their own , even if it is never accepted by the united nations or international organizations .
dry air around the cyclone's southern side weakened most of the strong storms by early on september 12 .
calvin baker is a novelist .
Eva Anna Paula Braun , also known as Eva Anna Paula Hitler , was the companion and wife of Adolf Hitler from 6 February 1912 to 30 April 1945.
the license is given a different version number for each edition .
users do not have to register an account to use irc , but they must set a nickname first .
in that same year , he also got a mechanics certificate , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
summerslam  2009  is an upcoming wrestling pay-per-view event , taking place on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles , california .
usually bald with long whiskers , he is believed to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
some animals can change color in different environments , either slowly or quickly .
val venis beat rikishi in a steel cage match and kept the wwf intercontinental championship at 14:10 , with venis pinning rikishi after tazz hit him with a tv camera .
this is like the unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one task well and connecting through universal interfaces .
he came from a musical family ; his mother was an administrative assistant and singer , and his father was a band director at yale .
mennonites have large populations in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states , and can also be found in smaller communities in 51 countries around the world .
naas is a big " dublin suburb " town , with many people living there and working in dublin .
acanthopholis 's armour had oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin , with spikes on the neck and shoulders , and along the spine .
origin irmo was created on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the launch of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
on the other hand , bills proposed by the law commission , and consolidation bills , begin in the house of lords .
before his final release in 1474 , vlad lived with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital while he was planning the reconquest of wallachia .
you may add a short phrase of up to five words to the front cover , and a sentence of up to 25 words to the back cover , to the modified version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is found in the hollow interior of bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because blue light is scattered more than red light , which is the same process that causes blue skies and red sunsets .
monteux is a city in the vaucluse department in southern France , in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d ' Azur region .
macgruber tries to make something to defuse the bomb with simple objects , but is distracted by something related to his personal life , making him run out of time .
messiaen died with the piece mostly done , and yvonne loriod finished the last movement's orchestration with guidance from george benjamin.
shia muslims regard karbala as one of their most sacred cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
the pad demanded the resignations of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat , claiming they were thaksin's representatives .
traveling through remote areas , on isolated tracks , needs careful planning and a dependable vehicle , usually a 4x4 .
he was chief architect for the fisher building in 1928 while at kahn .
he excuses himself and leaves for rehearsal , and he and dr. schön depart .
britpop originated from the british independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterised by bands that followed british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
this was included in battalions created for xi international brigade .
the sheppard line has fewer riders than the other two subway lines , and shorter trains are operated .
it can house 98,772 people , making it the largest stadium in europe and the eleventh largest in the world .
in december 1967 , ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by israel .
some articles are long and informative while others are shorter and of lower quality .
there are about 95 accepted species .
the town is believed to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill ".
terms such as " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " film " are common in english .
jurisdiction comes from public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law , and the powers of government to provide resources for its native society .
he then wrote several other pieces about hiawatha , such as the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is aracaju .
farrenc was paid less than her male colleagues for almost 10 years .
gumbasia was made in a style vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles .
brandon waise lee inspired him , and mk sun became a lawyer .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a famous township close to cowra in central west new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .
donaldson joined the australian army on 18 june 2002 .
prospectors from california , europe and china were also searching along the peel river and up the mountain slopes .
before pocket calculators existed , it was the most popular calculation tool in science and engineering.
the kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display , better battery life , faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option , and a smaller size .
yoghurt is a dairy product made by bacterial fermentation of milk .
there are 75 defencemen in the hall of fame , more than any other position , and only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
different ideas about the topic have been suggested throughout the years  see below  , but all were denied by main christian groups .
the album was banned from several record stores nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle .
in late 2004 , suleman caused a stir by taking howard stern's radio show off of four citadel stations , as stern regularly talked about his future move to sirius satellite radio.
the company opened twice as many canadian locations as mcdonald's , and system-wide sales surpassed mcdonald's canadian operations by 2002 .
captain caleb holt (played by kirk cameron) is a firefighter in albany , georgia and follows the rule of firefighters : " never leave your partner behind " .
he won the presidential election on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the popular vote .
the plant is a living fossil .
in 1990 , she was the sole female entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia .
in 1913 , stravinsky first thought of writing the ballet .
protests were stopped .
offenbach 's operettas , like orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène , were very popular in france and the english-speaking world in the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles with this symbol from the tang dynasty have been found near the ancient city of chang ' an  modern-day xian  .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux  was a french organist , pianist , composer , and pedagogue from february 13 , 1921 to november 11 , 1968 .
it was nearly impossible to control .
santa maria maggiore is the oldest existing church in assisi .
radar observations show it has a pure iron-nickel composition .
railway gazette international is a monthly magazine that focuses on the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries around the world .
he was awarded the ch in 1988 .
loèche includes the installations of onyx , the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small folder containing matches and having a striking surface on the outside .
she opposed smoking near children and drug use in pregnant women .
defiantly , she refused to leave the commune , and challenged the judges to sentence her to death .
graystripe has a three-volume manga series that follows him from when he was taken by twolegs in Dawn until his return to ThunderClan in The Sight.
many syrian immigrants who had been peddlers were able to interact with americans frequently .
he was known for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden metalwork furniture .
she had collapsed lungs twice , pneumonia multiple times a year , a ruptured appendix , and a tonsillar cyst during childhood.
dr. david lindenmeyer of the australian national university has argued that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable , due to the need for nest boxes for hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum .
the montreal canadiens are a pro ice hockey team from montreal , quebec , canada .
inductors with low values can be made on integrated circuits with the same processes used for transistors .
the word gribble was created for wood-boring species , particularly the first species described from norway by rathke in 1799 , limnoria lignorum .
wounds caused by a club are called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
afterwards , the county's government was based at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has completed a quadruple axel in competition yet.
the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military bases on the harbour from the telephone exchange .
people who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying must still follow certain rules .
it is said to be pointed in the face and rabbit-sized .
computer performance is determined by how much work it can do compared to how much time and resources it uses .
the volga has some of the biggest reservoirs in the world .
the crosier represents the monasteries of the region .
human skin can range from dark brown to light pink .
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , assisted yunus in officially creating the bank with a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer announced plans to try saddam , but the specifics of the trial had not been decided .
the all-star team is voted on by representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association at the end of the regular season .
tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan are around afghanistan to the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south and the people 's republic of china to the east .
nupedia was created on march 9 , 2000 , by bomis , inc , a web portal company .
the design has key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule .
iain grieve , born 19 february 1987 in jwaneng , botswana , is a rugby union back-rower for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
other towns near are pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
in 1964 , physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig proposed the quark model separately .
in 1938-39 , a fourth golden garland-decorated ring was added to the column when it was relocated to its current position.
west berlin had its own postal system , not connected to west germany 's , and it released its own stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by sandro botticelli from c . 1482 .
sydney is new south wales 's largest city and capital .
epoxy is the most common polymer used , but other types , such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon , are sometimes used too .
the name still exists as a brand for a connected digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which have lived on after the end of the printed magazine .
when he was four-and-a-half years old , he had to take care of himself on the streets of northern italy for the next four years , living in different orphanages and traveling with other homeless children .
stands were later built behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground was modernized .
a town may be called a market town even if it doesn't have a market , if it still has the right to do so .
a fortification was constructed later on the eastern approaches .
on july 29 , olav haraldsson was killed in the battle of stiklestad in norway .
it has been theorized that tresca was eliminated by the nkvd as retribution for criticizing the stalin regime of the soviet union .
this led to montenegro and serbia becoming independent countries .
use html and css sparingly and only when necessary .
schuschnigg said immediately that reports of riots were not true .
addiscombe is a suburb in croydon , england .
in some cases , constituent can refer to a citizen who lives in the area governed , represented , or served by a politician , usually the citizens who voted for the politician .
prunk is part of the institute of european history in mainz , and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn .
stallone also appeared in the 2003 french movie taxi 3 in a cameo role .
the crew then built a trailer with a cantilevered arm on the " hovercraft " and filmed the scene while driving on templin highway north of santa clarita .
the conference papers were released in a book the next year , titled "microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory" by phelps et al .
wario land is a platforming series that began with wario land : super mario land 3 , a spin-off of the super mario land series .
chopin 's opus 57 is a berceuse for solo piano .
these attacks may have been mental rather than physical .
a historian said that quinine allowed colonists to settle in the gold coast , nigeria , and other areas of west africa .
additionally , studies have indicated hydrated minerals and silicates on the surface , suggesting a stony composition .
she became the official editor of her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel.
mercury looks like the moon : it has craters , smooth plains , no moons and no atmosphere .
the town is located in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
these areas are good habitats for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was ruled by the turkish and afghan governors from the delhi sultanate before the mughals came in 1608 .
the prime minister remains in office as long as they have the lower house's support .
rowling believes this scene is significant because it displays harry's courage , and by picking up cedric's body , he exhibits selflessness and kindness .
on june 1 , 1972 , raf members jan-carl raspe , holger meins , and he were arrested after a long battle in frankfurt .
they created new music manchester , a group devoted to modern music .
hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper florida keys due to a storm surge of 18 to 20 feet .
the area is now the home of meher baba's samadhi tomb-shrine and facilities for pilgrims .
the main church's collapsed dome has been fully restored .
in 2005 , meissner became the second american female to land the triple axel jump in a national contest .
salem is a city in massachusetts , usa .
49 species of pipefish and 9 species of seahorse have been documented .
saint martin is an island in the northeast caribbean , about 300 km  186 miles  away from puerto rico .
thus , these pdfs can not be shared without further changes if they have images .
in april 1862 , ben was arrested due to his involvement in an armed robbery with frank gardiner , as ordered by police inspector sir frederick pottinger .
on october 5 , heavy rain caused localized flooding in parts of britain .
version 2009.1 has a usb installer to create a live usb , which can save the user's configuration and data if wanted .
the seats were divided between the parties according to their strength in the federal assembly , with the free democratic party (fdp) getting 2 members , the christian democratic people's party (cvp) getting 2 members , the social democratic party (sp) getting 2 members , and the swiss people's party (svp) getting 1 member .
a fee is the payment for services , especially the money given to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other professional .
ohio state has twenty-one libraries on its columbus campus .
iceland and greenland agreed to be ruled by norway , but scotland fended off a norse attack and made a favorable peace agreement .
the album's singles included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in april 2000 , minix was made free / open source software under a permissive free software licence , but by then , other operating systems had surpassed it , and it stayed mainly as an operating system for students and hobbyists .
the body color can range from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and sometimes , it is marked with dark brown spots , especially on the limbs .
the britannica was mainly a scottish business , as shown by its thistle logo , the floral symbol of scotland .
the warning issued on september 22 was extended southward as jose strengthened , before being canceled after it made landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune reported that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the early stages of combat .
these provided audiences with the kind of information later provided by intertitles , which helps historians imagine what the movie could have been like .
this is because assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as security to get money for industrial and commercial growth .
he ran away from sydney cove multiple times before he was shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan went to the police camp and demanded surrender .
before the second game started , the press thought the " midget-in-a-cake " performance was not as good as veeck's usual promotional standards .
joss whedon confirmed that "fray is not done, fray is coming back" in a video promoting the charity equality now.
a mutant is a type of character seen in marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test is a standardized test for college admissions in the united states .
civil unrest in northern italy created the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering flagellants .
some reports say that different factors can cause paralysis and hallucinations .
he was sent to australia for seven years .
waugh claims that charles was " looking for love " when he initially met sebastian , discovering " a small door in the wall ... leading to a secret and magical garden " , a symbol that influences the story in various ways .
she was also known for her friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin .
the term dorsal is used to describe parts of an animal that are located on its back side or grow out of it.
berzelius coined the word "protein" after mulder observed that all proteins had the same formula, and might be made up of one single large molecule.
the gang stayed out of sight for 16 months after the jerilderie raid , evading capture .
barneville-la-bertran is a town in the calvados department in northwestern france .
the color varies from orange to pale yellow .
an extension was added in 1963 , going north from union station , under university avenue and queen 's park to close to bloor street , where it curved west to reach st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , the commonwealth railways central australian line went along the western side of the simpson desert .
it is situated on an old portage trail heading west to unalakleet .
those with cardiomyopathy may be at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death .
it was the largest sub-region in mesoamerica , containing a wide range of landscapes , from the mountains of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google then made the comic available on google books and their site and mentioned it on its blog with an explanation for the early release .
you can register a pedigree with the college , and they will audit it and need official proof before any changes are made .
the book , political economy , was published in 1985 but had little use in classrooms .
he toured with the ipo in 1990 and 1994 , performing in the soviet union , china , and india .
during the napoleonic wars , austrian general mack surrendered his army to napoleon's grand army at ulm , which resulted in napoleon gaining over 30,000 prisoners and causing 10,000 casualties to the losing side .
kano has been the economic hub of northern nigeria for a long time , and a major producer and exporter of groundnuts .
many south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu or tulu .
meteora won the band many awards and honors .
after a short confrontation , the wwf cavalry reversed course and attacked kane and jericho .
richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman wrote most of the songs .
the slavs moved into the area in the 5th century.
from 1900 to 1920 , many new buildings were built on campus , such as facilities for dental and pharmacy programs , a chemistry building , a natural sciences building , hill auditorium , large hospital and library complexes , and two residence halls .
winchester is a city in illinois , usa .
name arzashkun appears to be the assyrian version of an armenian name ending in -ka, derived from a name arzash , which is similar to the name arsene , arsissa , used by the ancients for part of lake van.
out of 16,421 people , she was one of the 15 chosen to appear on the tv show .
the episodes were shown on abc from september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
the device can then be designed and used in less restricted areas .
gimnasia hired renowned colombian trainer francisco maturana , and later , julio césar falcioni , but neither had great success .
brighton is a city in iowa , usa .
she also starred in multiple music videos , such as " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24 1979 , glinde was given its town charter to celebrate the 750th anniversary of the village.
pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 , and then again in mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , being described as " mario's friend ".
the vagina is very elastic and can expand many times its normal size during childbirth .
his exact date of birth is unknown , but thought to be between 1935 and 1939 .
this measure shows how much of a certain drug or other substance is needed to inhibit a specific biological process or part of it , such as an enzyme , cell , cell receptor , or microorganism , by half .
although the name implies they are in the bernese oberland region of bern , parts of the bernese alps are located in the neighboring cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
there he had one daughter , who was baptized as mary ann fisher power , to ann  e  power .
during an interview , edward gorey said bawden was one of his favorite artists , wishing more people remembered or knew about this artist .
the string can vibrate in different ways , like a guitar string can make different notes , and each mode is seen as a various particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable was nominated for an academy award for his role as fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .
