one side of the armed conflicts is composed mainly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a janjaweed militia group that is recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
jeddah is the leading gateway to Mecca, and islam's holiest city, which is the able-bodied Muslim's required to visit at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is thought to be a spot on the methane cloud deck of Neptune
his next work is scheduled for Saturday , and it will focus on an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord and, attaching it to the ball , crawled away quickly to the east , pulling on the cord with all his strength .
he died six weeks later on 13 january 888 .
they are culturally similar to the coastal people of Papua New Guinea
since 2000 , the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been presented with the colin mears award to the value of £ 5000 .
following the drummers are dancers who often play the sogo , a small drum that makes almost no sound and tend to have more simple — even acrobatic — choreography .
the spacecraft consists of two main components : the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe .
alessandro " sandro " mazzola was born on 8 November 1942
it was thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham attended Wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 , when he graduated with a b in anthropology .
however, the bzö differs from the freedom party in that it is in favor of a referendum about the lisbon treaty but against an eu-withdrawal .
many species of animals and plants had gone extinct by the end of the nineteenth century , with European settlement .
in 1987, wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame .
dextromethorphan is a white powder that occurs as a product.
admission to tsinghua is extremely competitive .
today, NRC is organized as an independent, private foundation
it is located at the coast of the Baltic Sea, where it encloses the city of stralsund .
he was also named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports Illustrated .
fives is a sport believed to come from the same origins as many racquet sports .
for example, on his birthday throughout Thailand, the king will be decorated with yellow colors .
both names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland .
nonetheless, tagore followed many styles, including works from northern new jersey, Canada's west coast, and Max Pechstein's woodcuts.
on october 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate John F. Kennedy proposed the idea of the peace corps on the steps of the michigan state capitol .
she performed for president reagan in 1988 's great performances at the white house series , which aired on the public broadcasting service .
perry saturn and terri defeated eddie guerrero and chyna to win the wwf european championship at 8:10 onSaturn pinned Guerrero after a diving elbow drop .
she stayed in the United States until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France
despina was discovered in late July, 1989 from the images taken by thevoyager 2 probe .
the first ever italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he also completed two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious tales and seven strange and ghostly tales .
at the voyager 2 images of ophelia appear as an elongated object, the major axis pointing towards uranus .
the British decided to eliminate him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of Western Australia , between the south Australian border almost to Caiguna , do not follow Australian Western Time .
in architectural decoration small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays , which have been used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
the other incorporated cities on the palos verdes peninsula include rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
fearing that drek will destroy the galaxy , clank asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark , in an effort to stop drek .
it is not actually a real louse .
he advocates applying a user-centered design process to product development cycles and also tries to popularize interaction design as a mainstream discipline .
it is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you and the administrator who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone who you've never met in person .
working group i looks at scientific aspects of climate change and climate change assessment
the island chain forms part of the hebrides , separated from the scottish mainland and from the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on july 12, 2008 .
formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the minor planet center .
by early September 30th , wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began .
each entry has a date  a nugget of data  which is a copy of the date in some backing store .
as a result, although many mosques will not enforce violations , both men and women when attending a mosque must follow these guidelines .
mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , published in 1991 .
ryan prosser was born on 10 July 1988 and is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
like previous assessments , it consists of four reports , three of them from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot is a noted chemist .
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of victoria 's reign , and vast quantities were printed .
the international fight league was an American mixed martial arts MMA promotion billed as the world 's first MMA league .
giardia lamblia and giardia duodenalis are synonymous with lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis is a protozoan parasite that colonises and reproduces in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
aside from this , cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions , among them the post-rapture films left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he plays cameron " buck " williams .
this was the area east of the mouth of the vistula River , later sometimes called " prussia " .
after graduating from college, he returned to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew - and the gospel of luke - specifically - .
he was later found guilty of breaking church rules and being drunk and disorderly .
so far, the ' celebrity ' episodes have included Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, SimonGregson, Lee Ryan, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady, and Sarah Ferguson.
it was discovered by Stephen P. Synnott in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5 , 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter .
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show, hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser .
on 16 June 2009, the official release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website .
he is also a member of another jungiery boyband 183 club
the apostolic tradition, attributed to the theologian hippolytus, attests the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early christian services .
in return, Rollo swore fealty to charles, converted to Christianity, and undertook to protect the northern region of France against the incursions of other Viking groups.
it is a type of voice of america that is special English .
disney received a full-sized Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , presented to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid to be discovered using a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of graubünden , Switzerland .
it continues as the bohemian switzerland in the Czech Republic .
this leads to consumer confusion when 220 1,048,576 bytes is referenced as 1 megabyte instead of 1 mib .
the incident has been the subject of many reports as to ethics in scholarship .
they are castrated so that the animal may be more manageable or may put on more weight quickly.
seventh sons have powerful "knacks" specific to them and are also very rare and powerful .
benchmarking conducted by passmark software highlights the 2009 version's 52 seconds install time , 32 seconds scan time , and 7 megabytes of memory utilization .
volterra is a town in the tuscany region of Italy .
historically, it was found that itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other until recently, where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain , but displays notable differences .
because of the glycoprotein-rich mucous, the tongue is sticky because it can help to move and catch ants and termites , which adhere to it .
the same tram derailed on 30 may 2006 at Starr Gate Loop during previous trials .
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former IPswich town and england managers , outside the ground .
take the square root of the variance
volunteers provided food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern France .
if there are no strong land use controls , buildings are built on the bypass , which becomes an ordinary road , and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid .
it is also a starting point for people wanting to explore cooktown, cape york peninsula, and the atherton tableland .
bruises often cause pain but are not typically dangerous .
none of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, vandals, or anyone else connected with wikipedia can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages .
george frideric handel also served as kapellmeister for George, elector of Hanover who eventually became George I of Great Britain.
their eyes are small, and their visual acuity is poor .
they are considered rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin .
oregano is an essential ingredient in greek cuisine .
tickets can be bought for national rail services, the Docklands light railway and on an oyster card .
these works he produced and published himself , whilst his much larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned by other people .
the historical method includes the techniques and guidelines by which historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and then to write history .
the sheer weight of the continental icecap sits on top of lake vostok , which contributes to the high oxygen concentration .
as of 2000 , the population was 89,148
aliteracy is the state of being able to read but not being interested in doing so .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid that is used as a pharmaceutical .
it will then slowly slide back down the river bed and await its next meal .
furthermore, research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that they know, trust, and / or care about
he is today's father's biggest supporter and regards himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans .
shortly after reaching category 4 status, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged .
the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage .
convinced that the grounds were haunted, they decided to publish their findings in a book called an adventure 1911, under the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont.
he settled in London , devoted himself chiefly to practical teaching .
brunstad has several fast food restaurants and a cafeteria-style restaurant , as well as its own grocery store .
he left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region .
in 1438, trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia , and thenceforth its history merges with that of the states of the church , then 1860 with the united kingdom of italy
the depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation without convection , and dissipated the next day over Brazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was a law enforcement agency that existed from 1952 to 1995 .
the current lineup of the band includes flynn vocals, guitar, duce bass, phil demmel guitar, and dave mcclain drums.
advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries of the greater middle east to use mosques as a way to promote religious Participation .
the characters are vulgar extensions of their earlier characters Pete and Dud .
johan was the original bassist for the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but he never played on their first album
in 1998 , culver won the race for iowa secretary of state
in 1990 , mark messier won the Hart over Ray Bourque by a margin of two votes .
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he impulsively breaks the law and tries to start a new colony in defiance of the government , and accidentally starts a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home , forcing their premature migration , and his separation from them
the female equivalent is a daughter .
he was diagnosed with inoperable stomach cancer in April 1999 .
prior to the storm, the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks .
the form of chess played is speed chess in which each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game .
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two former presidents were later separately charged with treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
moderate to severe damage extended up theatlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .
because the owner is usually unaware of what is going on, these computers are typically compared to zombies .
the wave traveled across the atlantic and organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .
the stylebook of the associated press is updated every year .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke and gospel of john , probably written between 65 and 100 .
since the end of the 19th century, eschelbronn is known for its furniture manufacturing industry .
the upper half of the building also resembles the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
unlike the clouds on earth , however, which are composed of crystals of ice , Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane .
their participation is limited until they reach the age of 18 .
development releases are rare, but they are usually stable enough to use.
finally, in 1482 the order dispatched him to Florence, the ‘ city of his destiny ’.
in the soviet years, the Bolsheviks demolished two of rostov 's most important landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral  1908 and st george cathedral in nakhichevan  1783-1807 .
he died on may 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the church of San Benedetto d'Alcantara .
this was demonstrated in the miller-urey experiment by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953 .
cogeneration also uses heat and power to create electricity and useful heat .
on occasion, the Den Master will allow a second male into the Den; the reason for this is unknown.
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript snippet that can be enabled simply by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
below are some helpful links to facilitate your involvement .
he served as the prime minister of egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948
she was left behind when the rest of the nicoles were moved to the mainland .
he was appointed a gentleman of the chapel royal by James I in 1615 until his death .
he was embarrassed to receive his award and initially indicated that he might not accept it .
later, Esperanto speakers began to see the language and culture that had grown up around it as their own , even if Esperanto never becomes an international organization
dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on september 12 .
he is an American novelist .
she died Eva Braun  6 February 1912 – 30 April 1945 .) was the longtime companion and wife of Adolf Hitler .)
each license has a different version number .
most IRC servers do not require users to register an account but they will have to set a nickname before being connected .
that same year he also received a mechanics certificate , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling event that will be produced by world wrestling entertainment wwe , which will take place on august 23, 2009 at staples center in los angeles , california .
most often portrayed as being bald, with long whiskers, he is said to be a version of the southern polestar .
some animals have a chromatic response - changing color in different environments - either seasonally, ermine, snowshoe hare, or more rapidly with chromatophores in their integument, the cephalopod family.
val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the wwf intercontinental championship at 14:10  venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a TV camera .
this closely resembles the Unix philosophy of having multiple programs that work together over universal interfaces .
he was born from a musical family ; his mother, Larue, was an administrative assistant and singer , and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale .
the largest populations of mennonites are found in Canada, the Democratic Republic of Congo, the United States, but mennonites can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the populace of those countries .
naas is a major " dublin suburb " town, with many people living in naas and working in dublin .
his armour consisted of a series of circular plates set almost horizontally into the skin , with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area , along the spine .
origin irmo was chartered on christmas Eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the house of lords .
in the years before his final release in 1474 , when he began preparations for the reconquest of wallachia , vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital .
you can add a passage of up to 5 words as a front-cover text , and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text , to the end of the list of cover texts in the original version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in Alsip, Illinois .
bone marrow is the flexible tissue that is found in the hollow interior of bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red  this is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets .
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse département in southern France , in the area of the provence-alpes-côte d 'azur .
macgruber starts asking for simple objects to make something to defuse the bomb , but he is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life that makes him run out of time .
this was completed when messiaen died, and yvonne Loriod undertook the orchestration with advice from George Benjamin .
shi ' a muslims consider karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca , Medina , Jerusalem and Najaf .
the pad called for the resignation of the governments of thaksin shinawatra, samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat, whom the pad accused of being proxies for thaksin .
however, travel through very remote areas, on isolated tracks, requires advance planning and a suitable vehicle , usually a four-wheel drive .
while at Kahn he was the chief architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal, and he and dr. schön leave.
britpop emerged from the British independent music scene in the early 1990s and was characterized by bands that were influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
this was absorbed into battalions being formed for xi international brigade .
the sheppard line currently has fewer riders than the other two subway lines and shorter trains are run .
it has a capacity of 98,772 people, making it the largest stadium in europe and the eleventh largest in the world .
in december , 1967 , ten Boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of israel .
some articles are quite long and crammed with content while others are shorter and of poorer quality .
about 95 species of birds are currently accepted .
eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes away the hill ".
terms such as " undies " and " movie " for " moving picture " are often heard terms in english .
jurisdictional substance comes from public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to serve the needs of their native society.
he followed this up with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is Aracaju .
despite this , farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade .
gumbasia was created in a style Vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles .
brandon waise lee became his idol and mk sun grew up to become a lawyer .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a historic township located near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .
donaldson enlisted in the australian army on 18 June 2002 .
prospectors from california, europe, and china were also digging along the peel river and up the mountain slopes .
before the advent of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 features a 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  .
yogurt is a dairy product that is made by bacteria fermentation of milk .
seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame , more than any other current position , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries , but all were rejected by mainstream christian bodies .
the album was banned from many stores nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle .
suleman cut howard stern 's radio show from four stations in late 2004 because he felt that stern was discussing his upcoming move to Sirius satellite radio too often .
the company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's " Wendy's confirms tim hortons' ipo by march " , ottawa business journal , december 1 , 2005 , and system-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002 .
plot captain Caleb Holt is a firefighter in Albany , Georgia and firmly follows the cardinal rule of all firemen , " never leave your partner behind " .
he won the presidential election held on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the vote
the plant is considered a living fossil .
she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia in 1990
orchestration stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913 .
protests across the nation were suppressed .
offenbach 's many operas such as orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène were very popular in both France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles dating back to the Tang Dynasty have been found west of the ancient city of chang ' an .
janine marie-madeleine demessieux was born February 13, 1921, in Noisy-le-Sec, France, and died November 11, 1968, in Paris.
by most accounts , the instrument was incredibly difficult to play .
santa maria maggiore is the earliest extant church in Assisi .
radar observations indicate that the metal is largely pure iron-nickel
railway gazette international is a monthly business journal that covers the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries worldwide .
he was made a companion of honour in 1988 .
loèche harbours the installation of onyx , which is used for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small cardboard folder with a coarse striking surface on the exterior .
she was one of the first doctors to object to smoking around children and using drugs in pregnant women .
definitely , she vowed to never renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
the manga series graystripe 's trilogy follows graystripe from when he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
samovar & porter 1994 , p. 84, syrians did not congregate in urban enclaves ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis .
he was also famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture .
during her childhood she suffered from collapsed lungs 2-3 times a year , she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year , a ruptured appendix , and had a tonsillar cyst .
dr. david lindenmeyer at Australian National University has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable , because conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum .
the montreal canadians are a professional ice hockey team based in montreal , quebec , canada .
small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processing methods that are used to make transistors .
the term grubby was originally assigned to the wood-boring species, especially the first species described from norway by Rathke in 1799 , limnoria lignorum .
the wounds inflicted by a club are generally known as bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries
thereafter, the county's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has ever done a quadruple Axel in competition .
from the telephone exchange , the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour .
however, even to those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying , there are still rules that apply .
it has a pointed face and is about the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by the amount of work that a computer system can complete compared to the amount of time and resources that it spends .
some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be found along the volga .
the crosier represents the monasteries of the region .
human skin colors can range from very dark brown to very pale pink .
the bankers from shorebank helped Yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial , but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined .
representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association vote on the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
the tajikistan, turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan border afghanistan to the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south and the people's republic of china to the east .
nupedia was founded on march 9 , 2000 , by bomis, inc .
some of the notable features of the design include key-dependent s-boxes and a highly complex key schedule .
he was born in jwaneng, Botswana, on Feb. 19, 1987.
other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was independently proposed by physicists Murray Gell-mann and George Zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location .
west berlin had its own postal administration , which was separate from west germany 's , until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro Botticelli , c. 1482 .
new south wales 's largest city and capital is Sydney .
the polymer is most often epoxy , but other polymers such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon , are also sometimes used .
the name survives as a brand for a related spin-off digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which have survived the demise of the print magazine .
at four-and-a-half years old he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern italy for the next four years , living in various orphanages and roaming through towns with groups of other homeless children .
stood were eventually added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernized .
a town may be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market , provided the right to do so still exists .
a bastion was built later .
events in europe on July 29 - the battle of stiklestad in Norway .
others have suggested that tresca was eliminated as retribution for criticisms of the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union.
this led to both Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries .
use html and css markup sparingly and only when it's necessary and for good reasons .
immediately after the reports of riots emerged, schuschnigg publicly stated that he had not seen any such incidents take place .
addiscombe is a suburb in the london borough of croydon , england .
depending on the context , another closely-related meaning of constituent is that of someone who lives or is living in the area governed or represented by a politician ; this can be restricted to citizens who have elected the politician .
he is a member of the institute of european history in Mainz and a senior fellow at the center for european integration studies in Berlin .
he also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film Taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead, they fashioned a trailer with a cantilevered arm that they shot the scene while riding up templin highway north of Santa Clarita .
the conference papers were published in a book in 2004 by phelps et al .
the wario land series is a platforming series that started with wario land : super Mario land 3 , a spin-off of the super Mario land series
his opus 57 is a berceuse for solo piano .
these attacks may have been psychological in origin rather than actual .
a historian has stated that quinine's efficacy gave colonists new opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa
furthermore, spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which suggests a more solid surface composition .
she became the authoritative editor of her husband 's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury is similar in appearance to the moon : it is mostly cratered with regions of smooth plains , has no natural satellites and no substantial atmosphere .
the town is located in the Limmat valley between Baden and Zurich .
these provide ideal habitat for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull
after the sena dynasty, dhaka was successively ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors descending from the delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608 .
the prime minister is only in power as long as they have the support of the lower house .
for rowling, this scene is important because it shows harry's bravery and by retrieving cedric's corpse , he demonstrates selflessness and compassion.
on June 1, 1972 , he and fellow raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in frankfurt .
together, they formed new music Manchester , a group that was committed to contemporary music .
the intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper florida Keys , as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region .
it is now the site of meher baba 's samadhi  tomb-shrine as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims .
the collapsed dome of the main church has been restored completely .
in 2005 , meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition .
salem is a city in Essex county, Massachusetts , United States .
forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been recorded .
saint martin is a small, tropical island in the northeast Caribbean Sea, approximately 300 kilometers east of Puerto Rico.
therefore, these pdfs can not be distributed without further editing if they contain images .
in april 1862 , ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger for participating in an armed robbery whilst in the company of frank gardiner .
heavy rain fell across portions of Britain on October 5 , causing localized accumulation of flood waters .
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb , where the user's personal data can be saved if desired .
in approximate relation to the parties ' respective strengths in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : the free democratic party  fdp  : 2 members , the christian democratic people 's party  cvp  : 2 members , the social democratic party  sp  : 2 members , and the swiss people 's party  svp  : 1 member .
a fee is the price one pays as recompense for services , especially the honorarium paid to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other member of a learned profession .
the ohio state library system includes 21 libraries located on its columbus campus .
in other developments, both iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway , but Scotland was able to repulse a norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement .
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in April 2000 , minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence , but by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities , and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists
the body color can vary from a medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and occasionally, it is marked with dark brown spots .
the britannica was a scotish publication, represented by its thistle logo and the floral emblem of Scotland.
the area covered by the warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards as Jose intensified , before it was canceled soon after landfall on September 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune alleged that U.S. marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat .
the latter helped audiences understand the information provided by intertitles and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like .
because real estate and businesses in the underground economies of the third world can not be used as collateral to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion , the businesses can not be refinanced .
he bolted from sydney cove several times before being shot dead in 1796 .
they advanced to the police camp and ordered them to surrender .
before the game got underway, the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance had not been up to veeck 's usual promotional standard .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now joss whedon confirmed that " fray is not over , fray is coming back .
a mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test and the scholastic assessment test are standardized tests for college admissions in the United States .
civil unrest in northern italy creates the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering groups of flagellants .
some reports say that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations .
his sentence was sent to australia for seven years .
waugh writes that charles had been " in search of love in those days " when he first met Sebastian , finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , which informs the work on a number of levels .
her famous friendship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was also an important factor in her life .
the term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are either located toward or grow off the side of an animal .
the term " protein " itself was coined by berzelius after he observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of large molecule .
after the jerilderie raid, the gang lay low for 16 months, dodging capture.
barneville-la-bertran is a commune located in the calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region of northwestern France .
color ranges from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 an extension was added to the east side of the city , curving north from union station , below university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street , where it turned west to terminate at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed along the western side of the Simpson desert .
it is located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both .
as the largest sub-region in Mesoamerica , it included a vast and varied landscape from the Rocky Mountains to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google made the comic available on their website and their blog along with an explanation for the early release .
anyone can register a pedigree with the college , where they are carefully checked and require official proofs before being changed .
the book was published in 1985 but was not well accepted in the classroom .
he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 for their first-ever performance in the soviet Union , with concerts in moscow and leningrad , and toured with the ipo again in 1994 , performing in China and India .
the austrian general Mack surrendered his army to the grand army of napoleon at Ulm on October 12, 1805. This resulted in Napoleon capturing over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers.
it has been the economic center of northern nigeria for centuries and a center for the production and export of groundnuts .
most south Indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu and Tulu.
meteora earned multiple awards and honors .
after a brief standoff , the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked kane and jericho .
most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .
in the 5th century, Slavs started to move into the area .
from 1900 to 1920 many new facilities were built on campus , including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs , a chemistry building , a building for the natural sciences , a large hospital and library complexes , and two residence halls .
winchester is a city in scott county , illinois , in the United States .
the name arzashkun seems to be the Assyrian form of an armenian name ending in -ka formed from a proper name arzash , which recalls the name arsene , arsissa , applied by the ancients to part of lake van .
out of 16,421 participants in the national casting , she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the show .
its episodes were broadcast on the abc network from its debut on september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
the latter device can then be used in more stringent environments .
gimnasia hired the first famous Colombian trainer, Francisco Maturana, and then Julió César Falcioni, but both had limited success.
Brighton is a city in Washinton County, Iowa, United States.
furthermore , she appeared in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24, 1979, the 750th anniversary of the village, glinde received its town charter.
she made a return in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 and later in mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the mini's in 2006
during vaginal birth, the vagina stretches to many times its normal diameter .
his real date of birth is believed to have been between 1935 and 1939 .
this quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular Drug or other Substance  Inhibitor is needed to inhibit a given biological process or component of a process by half .
although the name suggests that they are located in the bernese Oberland region of the canton of bern , portions of the bernese Alps are in the adjacent cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
he had one daughter named Mary Ann (ann E) power to Ann Powers.
during an interview, edward gorey mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists , lamenting the fact that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist .
the string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can produce different notes , and every mode appears as a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
he also received an academy award nomination when he played Fletcher Christian in 1935's mutiny on the bounty .
