one side of the armed conflicts is composed mainly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group that was mostly recruited from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
jeddah is the main gateway to Mecca , the holiest city in Islam , which is required of able-bodied Muslims at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is thought to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of neptune.
his next work, Saturday, follows an eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
the tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord and, attaching it to the ball, quickly crawled away to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength.
he died six weeks later, on january 888.
they are related to the coastal peoples of papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also received the colin mears award , worth £ 5000.
following the drummers are dancers who often play the sogo, a tiny drum that makes almost no sound, and tend to have more elaborate -- even acrobatic -- choreography.
the spacecraft is made up of two main parts : the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe .
alessandro " sandro " mazzola was born on November 8th, 1942.
it was originally thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller crater s .
graham attended wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 , and then graduated with a b.a. in anthropology .
however , the bzö differs a bit from the freedom party in that they are in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty , but oppose an EU withdrawal .
many species went extinct by the end of the 19th century as european settlement increased.
in 1987, wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame.
dextromethorphan is a white powder in its pure form.
admission to tsinghua is extremely difficult .
today, nrc is an independent, private foundation.
it is located on the coast of the baltic sea , close to the city of stralsund .
he was also named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated .
five-a-side football is a British sport believed to have originated from the same roots as many racquet sports.
for example , king bhumibol was born on monday, so throughout thailand on his birthday, it will be decorated in yellow color.
both the names ' scotland' and ' national museum of scotland' became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into one organisation .
nevertheless , he emulated numerous styles , including craftwork from northern new ireland, haida carvings from the west coast of canada, and woodcuts by max pechstein.
on october 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate john f. kennedy proposed the idea of the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she performed for president reagan in 1988's great performances at the white house series, which aired on the public broadcasting service.
perry Saturn won the wwf european championship with terri Perry defeating eddie Guerrero with Chyna to win 8:10. Saturn pinned Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
she remained in the United States until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France.
despina was discovered in late july 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe.
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he also wrote two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales.
at the voyager 2 images, ophelia appears as an elongated object, the major axis pointing towards uranus.
the british decided to eliminate him, and took the land by force.
a few towns along the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia don't follow official western australian time .
in architectural decoration, small pieces of colorful and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays, which have been used to decorate walls, furniture and boxes.
the other incorporated cities on the palos verdes peninsula include rancho palos verdes, rolling hills estates, and rolling hills.
ratchet agrees to help clank find the famous superhero captain qwark in an effort to stop drek .
it is not actually a true louse.
he is a proponent of applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also works to popularize interaction design as a mainstream field .
it is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you, and the administrator who blocked you, are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they've never met in person.
working group i is responsible for assessing scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain is part of the hebrides , separated from the mainland and the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides.
orton and his wife, alanna marie orton, welcomed her on july 12, 2008.
formal minor planet designations are numbered name combinations that are overseen by the minor planet center , part of the iau .
by early on september 30 , the wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began.
each entry has a datum, which is a copy of the datum in some backing store.
as a result , mosques will not enforce violations, but both men and women must adhere to these guidelines when attending a mosque.
mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , published in 1991 .
ryan prosser was born on 10 July 1988, and is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership.
it consists of four reports from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris, and their grandson pierre joliot, who was named after pierre curie, is a noted biochemist.
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of victoria's reign , and vast quantities were printed .
the international fight league was an american MMA promotion that billed itself as the world's first MMA league .
giardia lamblia is a protozoan parasite that is associated with lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis , which are flagellated parasites that colonize and reproduce in the small intestine, causing giardiasis .
aside from this, he's also worked in Christian-themed productions, such as the post-Rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War, in which he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
this area was east of the mouth of the vistula river , later sometimes called " prussia proper ".
after graduation, he returned to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and then he was appointed the artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra.
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew and the gospel of luke .
later on, weelkes would find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and wild behavior.
so far, the ' celebrity ' episodes have included vic reeves, nancy sorrell, gaby roslin, scott mills, mark chapman, simon Gregson, sue cleaver, carol thatcher, paul O'Grady, and lee ryan.
it was discovered by stephen p. synnott in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5, 1979 while orbiting around jupiter .
gomaespuma was a spanish radio show hosted by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser .
on 16 june 2009 , the official release date of the resistance was announced on their website .
he is also a member of another boyband, 183 club.
the apostolic tradition , which is attributed to theologian hippolytus , states that early christian believers would sing hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain at agape feasts .
in return for this, roilo swore fealty to charles and converted to christianity , promising to defend the northern region of france against other Viking groups .
it is an adaptation of the voice of america special english .
disney received a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , given to him by 10-year-old child actress Shirley Temple.
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft.
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of graubünden .
it continues as the bohemian republic in the czech republic.
this leads to consumer confusion when 220,000,000 bytes is referenced as 1 megabyte instead of 1 mib .
the incident has been the subject of numerous reports about the ethics of scholarship .
they are castrated so the animal will be more docile or they may put on weight more quickly.
seventh sons have powerful "knacks" specific magical abilities, and seventh sons of seventh sons are both extraordinarily rare and powerful.
benchmarking by passmark software found that the 2009 version installed in 52 seconds , scanned in 32 seconds , and used 7mb of memory .
volterra is a town in the tuscany region of Italy.
historically , itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other until recently , where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain, but exhibits notable differences.
the tongue is sticky because of the mucous presence , which both lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites , which adhere to it .
the same tram had derailed on 30 may 2006 at starr gate loop during previous trials .
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers , outside the ground .
take the square root of the variance .
volunteers gave food , blankets , water , children 's toys , massages , and a live rock band performance to those at the stadium .
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France.
if there are no strong zoning controls , buildings are built along a bypass, turning it into an ordinary town road, and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid.
it is also a great place to start exploring cooktown, cape york peninsula, and the atherton tableland.
bruises often cause pain but they're not normally dangerous.
none of the authors , contributors , sponsors , administrators , or anyone else connected with wikipedia can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages.
he also served as kapellmeister for george frideric handel , who eventually became george i of great britain .
their eyes are small and their visual acuity is poor .
they are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin .
oregano is a common ingredient in greek cuisine .
tickets can be bought for national rail services (including the docklands light railway and on oyster card).
these works he produced and published himself , with the exception of a few woodcuts that were commissioned .
the historical method is a collection of techniques and guidelines by which historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and write history .
the sheer weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration.
as of 2000, the population was 89,148 people.
aliteracy is the ability to read, but not care about it .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as a pharmaceutical .
it will then digest its food and sink back to the river bed to wait for its next meal .
furthermore , research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know , trust , and/or care about .
today, landis' father has become a staunch supporter of his son and regards himself as one of floyd's biggest fans.
shortly after attaining hurricane status, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged .
the equilibrium wage for a certain type of labor is the price .
convinced that the grounds were haunted , they decided to publish their findings in a book under the pseudonym elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he settled in london and started teaching there, devoting himself chiefly to practical matters.
brunstad has a few fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, and its own grocery store.
he left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region .
in 1438 trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia , and thenceforth its history merged first with that of the states of the church , then later with the united kingdom of italy .
the depression moved inland on the 20th without convection, and dissipated the next day over brazil, where it caused heavy rains and flooding.
the new york city housing authority police department was in existence from 1952 to 1995.
the current lineup of the band is flynn vocals , guitar , duce bass , phil demmel guitar , and dave mcclain drums .
advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation .
the characters are reprised versions of their earlier characters pete and dud .
he was also the original bassist for the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but quit before the band ever released a studio album .
in 1998 , culver ran for iowa secretary of state and won .
in 1990 , mark messier won the Hart Trophy by a wide margin over Ray Bourque , with one first-place vote difference .
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he breaks the law , and unintentionally initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home , forcing their premature migration , and his separation from them .
a daughter is the female equivalent of a son .
he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in april 1999 .
prior to the arrival of the storm , the national park service closed visitor centers and campsites along the Outer Banks .
the form of chess played is speed chess in which each competitor has twelve minutes for the whole game.
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
severe damage extended up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .
because the owner is usually unaware , these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies .
the wave moved across the atlantic and organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of haiti on september 13.
for example , the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated every year.
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew, gospel of mark, gospel of luke, and gospel of john, probably written between 65-100 AD. See also the gospel according to the hebrews.
since the end of the 19th century, eschelbronn has been well-known for its furniture manufacturing industry.
the upper half of the flag also resembles the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
unlike the clouds on earth , which are made up of small crystals of ice , Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of large crystals of frozen methane .
their participation is restricted until they reach the legal age of adulthood .
development releases are rare , but there are often snapshots that are stable enough to use .
finally in 1482, the order dispatched him to florence, their "city of his destiny".
in the soviet years , the bolsheviks destroyed two of rostov's most important landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral in 1908 and st george cathedral in nakhichevan in 1783-1807.
he died on may 29, 1518 in madrid, Spain, and was buried in the church of san benito d'alcantara.
this was demonstrated in the miller-urey experiment by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953 .
cogeneration is the use of a heat engine or power station to produce electricity and heat at the same time .
sometimes the male " den master " will also let a second male into the den ; the reason for this is unclear .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript or css snippet that can be enabled by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
below are some helpful links to get you involved .
he was the prime minister of egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948 .
she was left behind explanations for this vary when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland .
he was appointed a gentleman of the chapel royal in 1615 and served as an organist until his death.
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially refused to accept it .
later , Esperantists began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as an end in itself , even if Esperanto was never adopted by the united nations or other international organizations .
the dry air around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on september 12.
he is an american novelist .
eva anna paula braun , born eva anna paula hitler on 6 february 1912 , died eva anna paula hitler on 30 april 1945 ; she was the longtime companion and, for a brief time, wife of adolf hitler.
each license has a different version number.
most irc servers don't require users to register an account, but a user will have to set a nickname before being connected.
that same year, he also received a mechanics certificate, becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york.
Summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event that will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
he is usually depicted as having a bald head and long whiskers , which is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
some animals have chromatic response, changing color in different environments, such as the ermine, snowshoe hare, or cephalopods in their integument--the family of squid.
val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the wwf intercontinental championship at 14:10 venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a television camera.
this philosophy closely resembles the unix philosophy of having multiple programs that each do one thing well and work together over universal interfaces.
he is from a musical family ; his mother, Larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale.
the largest populations of mennonites are found in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states , but you can find them in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents .
naas is a major Dublin suburb town , with many people living there and working in Dublin .
acanthopholis had armor made up of oval plates that were set almost horizontally into his skin , with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area , along his spine .
origin irmo was chartered on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
bills proposed by the law commission , and consolidation bills , start in the house of lords .
in the years before his final release in 1474 , when he began preparations for the reconquest of wallachia , vlad lived with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital .
you can add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text , and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text , to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip, Illinois.
bone marrow is the soft tissue found in the hollow interior of bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red  this is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets.
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse department in southern france , in the area of Provence-Alpes-Côte d ' Azur .
macgruber starts asking for simple objects to disarm the bomb, but he gets sidetracked by something usually involving his personal life that makes him run out of time.
this was finished when messiaen died, and yvonne loriod undertook the final movement's orchestration with advice from george benjamin.
Shi'ites consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca , Medina , Jerusalem and Najaf .
the pad called for the resignations of the governments of thaksin shinawatra, samak sundaravej, and somchai wongsawat, whom they accused of being proxies for thaksin.
however, traveling through very remote areas requires advance planning and a suitable, reliable vehicle - usually a four wheel drive.
while at kahn, he was the chief architect for the fisher building in 1928.
he excuses himself and dr. schön leaves.
britpop emerged from the british independent music scene in the early 1990s and was characterized by bands that were influenced by british guitar pop music from the 1960s and 1970s .
this was merged into battalions being formed for xi international brigade .
the sheppard line currently has a smaller number of users than the other two subway lines, and shorter trains are run.
it has a capacity of 98,772 , making it the largest stadium in europe and the eleventh largest in the world.
in december , 1967 , ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of israel .
some articles are either lengthy or stubby , while others are of lesser quality .
about 95 different species are currently accepted.
eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill ".
terms like " undies " for underwear and " movie " for "moving picture" are often heard in English.
jurisdiction is based on public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of their native society .
he followed this with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , the overture to the song of hiawatha , and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is aracaju.
despite this, farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
gumbasia was created in a style vorkapich taught as kinesthetic film principles.
the lawyer brandon waise lee became his idol and mk sun grew up to be a lawyer .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near cowra in the central west of new south wales , and it is located in cabonne shire .
donaldson enlisted in the australian army on 18 june 2002.
prospectors from all over California, Europe and China were also digging along the peel river and up the mountain slopes.
before the advent of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  .
yogurt is a dairy product that is made by bacterial fermentation of milk .
seventy-five defencemen have been inducted into the hall of fame, more than any other current position, while only 35 goaltenders have been accepted.
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries, but all were rejected by mainstream christian bodies.
the album was banned from many record stores nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top , and taper down to the ankle .
in late 2004 , suleman made headlines by cutting howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations , because stern was often discussing his upcoming move to sirius satellite radio .
the company opened twice as many locations in canada as mcdonald's did when they announced their intention to go public in March 2005 , Ottawa Business Journal , December 1, 2005, and system-wide sales also surpassed those of mcdonald's Canadian operations as of 2002 .
plot captain caleb holt is a firefighter in albany, georgia, and he strictly keeps the cardinal rule of all firefighters, "never leave your partner behind".
he won the presidential election held on 2 march 2008 with 71.25% of the popular vote.
the plant is an example of a living fossil.
in 1990 , she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia .
stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913 .
protests in various parts of the country were put down .
offenbach 's many operettas , such as orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène , were extremely popular in both france and the english-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles from the Tang dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of chang'an modern-day xian.
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux was born on february 13, 1921 and died on november 11, 1968, she was a french organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
by most accounts, the instrument was nearly impossible to play .
st. mary the greater , the earliest extant church in assisi .
radar observations show a fairly pure iron-nickel composition.
railway gazette international is a monthly journal covering the railway, metro, light rail, and tram industries worldwide .
he was appointed companion of honor in 1988.
loèche harbour houses the interception systems for electronic intelligence gathering of onyx .
a matchbook is a small booklet with a matchcover that contains a quantity of matches and has a rough striking surface on the outside .
she was one of the first doctors to object to smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
definitely , she vowed to never renounce the commune , and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
graystripe 's trilogy follows him between the time that he was taken by twolegs in dawn and the time he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
samovar & porter 1994, p. 84: Syrians didn't live in urban enclaves; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis.
he was also well-known for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden metalwork furniture .
during her childhood she had collapsed lungs twice and pneumonia 4-5 times a year .
dr. david lindenmeyer from australian national university has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable , for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum .
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in montreal, Quebec, Canada.
small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors .
the term gribble was originally given to the wood-boring species , especially the first species described from Norway by rathke in 1799 , limnoria lignorum .
the wounds inflicted by a club are generally known as blunt-force trauma injuries .
afterwards, the county's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
no skater has yet been able to complete a quadruple axel in competition .
from the telephone exchange , the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations in the harbour .
even if someone enters a mosque's prayer hall without intending to pray , there are still rules that apply .
it is about the size of a rabbit and pointed in the face.
computer performance is measured by the amount of useful work accomplished by a computer system in comparison to the time and resources used .
some of the largest reservoirs in the world are found along the volga .
the crosier stands for the monasteries of the region.
human skin colors can go from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank based in chicago , helped yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer said he planned to put saddam on trial, but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined .
the all-star team is voted for by representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association at the end of the regular season .
tajikistan, turkmenistan, uzbekistan, and afghanistan border each other to the north, iran to the west, pakistan to the south, and china to the east.
nupedia was founded on march 9th, 2000, under the ownership of bomis, Inc., a web portal company.
some notable features of the design include key-dependent S-boxes and a highly complex key schedule .
iain grieve was born on February 19th, 1987 in jwaneng, Botswana, and is a rugby union back-rower for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership.
other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was independently proposed by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964.
the fourth ring was added in 1938 39, when the column was moved to its present location.
west berlin had its own postal administration which issued its own postage stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro Botticelli, circa 1482.
sydney is new south wales' largest city and capital.
the polymer is most often epoxy, but other polymers, such as polyester, vinyl ester, or nylon, are also sometimes used.
the name of the magazine survived as a brand for related digital platforms , including a digital television channel, digital radio station, and website.
at four-and-a-half years old, he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern italy for the next four years, living in various orphanages and moving through towns with groups of other homeless children.
goalposts were eventually added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be updated .
a town that is no longer called a market town can still be correctly described as having market rights, as long as the right to hold a market still exists .
a bastion was built later on the eastern approaches .
events in europe on July 29 — the battle of Stiklestad Norway : olav haraldsson loses to his pagan vassals and is killed in the fight .
others have suggested that tresca was eliminated by the NKVD as a result of his criticism of the Stalin regime in the Soviet Union .
this led to both montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries .
use html and css markup sparingly if at all - there are much better ways to do it.
schuschnigg immediately responded that reports of riots were false .
addiscombe is an suburb in the london borough of croydon, England.
depending on the context , constituent can mean a citizen residing in the area governed by, represented by, or otherwise served by a politician ; sometimes this is restricted to citizens who voted for the politician .
he is a member of institute of european history in mainz , and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn .
he also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead of shooting the scene on a hovercraft , the crew fashioned a trailer with a cantilevered arm and shot it while riding up templin highway north of santa clarita .
the conference papers were published the next year in a book calledmicroeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al.
the wario land series is a platforming series that started with wario land : super mario land 3 , a spin-off of the super mario land series .
Chopin's Opus 57 is a lullaby for solo piano.
these attacks may have been psychological in origin rather than physical .
a historian has said that " quinine's efficacy gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast, nigeria and other parts of west africa" .
furthermore , spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which suggests a rocky surface composition .
she became the authoritative editor of his works for breitkopf und härtel.
mercury is similar in appearance to the moon : it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains , has no natural satellites , and no atmosphere .
the town is located in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
these habitats are excellent for chinkara, hog deer and blue bull.
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was ruled by the turkish and afghan governors descending from the delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608.
in order to stay in office, the prime minister needs to retain the support of the lower house.
for rowling, this scene is important because it shows harry's bravery and by retrieving cedric's corpse, he demonstrates selflessness and compassion.
on june 1 , 1972 , he and fellow raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were captured after a lengthy shootout in frankfurt .
together, they formed new music manchester, a group that's dedicated to contemporary music.
the intense and compact hurricane caused a lot of damage in the upper florida keys , as a storm surge of around 18 to 20 feet affected the region .
it is now the site of meher baba 's samadhi tomb-shrine as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims .
the collapsed dome of the main church has been restored entirely .
in 2005 , meissner became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition .
salem is a city in essex county, Massachusetts.
forty-nine different species of pipefish and nine different species of seahorse have been recorded.
saint martin is an island in the northeast Caribbean , about 300 km east of Puerto Rico .
therefore , these PDFs can not be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images .
in april 1862 , ben was arrested by police inspector sir frederick pottinger for participating in an armed robbery alongside frank gardiner .
heavy rain fell across parts of britain on october 5, causing localized flooding.
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb , so you can save your configuration and personal data if desired .
in approximate relation to the parties ' relative strength in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : free democratic party  fdp  : 2 members , christian democratic people 's party  cvp  : 2 members , social democratic party  sp  : 2 members , and swiss people 's party  svp  : 1 member .
a fee is the price you pay for professional services, like the fee a doctor, lawyer, consultant, or other professional pays.
the library system of Ohio State covers twenty-one libraries on its columbus campus .
in other developments , iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway , but Scotland was able to repulse a Norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement .
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in april 2000 , minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software license , but by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities , and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists .
the body is mostly brown, but can be gold-ish or beige-white, and occasionally has dark brown spots on the limbs.
the britannica was originally a Scottish enterprise , with the thistle logo as its symbol , representing Scotland .
the area covered by the warning issued on september 22 was later widened southwards as jose intensified , before being canceled soon after landfall on september 23.
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune claimed that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders had confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs against iraqi republican guards during the initial stages of combat .
the later provided audiences with the kind of information that later came from intertitles , and it can help historians imagine what the film may have looked like .
that's because real estate, businesses, and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can't be used as collateral to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion.
he ran away from sydney cove several times before being killed in 1796.
ned and dan ordered the police to surrender .
before the second game got underway , the press agreed that the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance hadn't been up to veeck's usual promotional standards .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now, joss whedon confirmed that " fray is not done, fray is coming back."
a mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States .
civil unrest in northern italy led to the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants .
some reports say that both paralysis and hallucinations are more likely when a number of factors are present.
his sentence was to be transported to australia for seven years.
waugh claims that charles had been " in search of love " at the time he first met sebastian , and that " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , which informed the work on a number of levels .
her notorious friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also a major part of her life.
The term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are situated on or near the top of an animal .
the term "protein" was coined by berzelius after mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of large molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang went into hiding for 16 months avoiding capture .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern france .
color ranges from orange to pale yellow .
an extension was added in 1963, curving north from union station and terminating at st. george and bloor streets.
before 1980 , a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line ran along the western side of the simpson desert .
it is located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both.
as the largest sub-region in mesoamerica , it spanned a vast and varied landscape from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google then made the comic available on both their site and google books , and mentioned it on their official blog along with an explanation for the early release .
anyone can register for a pedigree with the college, where they're carefully audited and require official proofs before they're altered.
the book, Political Economy, was published in 1985, but it took a long time for it to be adopted in classrooms.
he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 for their first-ever performance in the soviet union, and then toured with them again in 1994, performing in china and india.
napoleonic wars : austrian general mack surrenders his army to Napoleon's grand army at ulm , resulting in over 30,000 prisoners and 10,000 casualties for the losers .
it has been the economic center of northern nigeria for a long time, and they're known for producing and exporting groundnuts.
a majority of south Indians speak one of the five dravidian languages – kannada, malayalam, tamil, telugu, and tulu.
meteora was awarded multiple awards and honors .
after a brief standoff , the wwf cavalry attacked kane and jericho .
most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .
in the 5th century, Slavs started to move into the area.
from 1900 to 1920, many new facilities were constructed on campus, including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, hill auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
winchester is a city located in scott county in illinois .
the name arzashkun seems to be the Assyrian form of an Armenian name that ends in -ka , formed from the proper name arzash , which recalls the name Arsene , Arsissa , applied by the ancients to part of Lake Van .
out of 16,421 participants in the national casting process , she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show .
its episodes were broadcast on the abc network from its debut on september 21, 1993 to march 1, 2005.
the latter device can be designed and used in less stringent environments .
gimnasia hired both Francisco Maturana and Julio César Falcioni, but both had little success.
brighton is a city in washington county in the United States .
furthermore , she starred in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24, 1979, the town of glinde received its charter.
pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994, and later mario vs. donkey kong 2: march of the minis in 2006, although the character is now described as "mario's friend".
the vagina is remarkably elastic and stretches to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth .
his real birthdate was never recorded , but it is believed to be in the range of 1935-1939.
this quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance needs to be inhibited to half its effectiveness in inhibiting a given biological process or component thereof, for example an enzyme, cell, cell receptor, or microorganism.
although the name suggests they are located in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern , a portion of the bernese alps is located in the adjacent cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
he had one daughter with ann e power , later baptized as mary ann fisher power .
during an interview , edward gorey mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists , and lamented the fact that not many people remembered or knew about this great artist .
the string can vibrate in different modes just like a guitar string can, and every mode appears as a different particle: electron, photon, gluon, etc.
gable also earned an academy award nomination for portraying fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .
