one half of the armed conflicts is composed mostly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
jeddah is the principal gateway to Mecca, Islam's holiest city, which able-bodied Muslims are required to visit at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is thought to represent a flaw in the methane cloud deck of Neptune .
his next work, Saturday, follows an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord and, attaching it to the ball, crawled away fast to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength .
he died six weeks later on 13 January 888 .
they are culturally similar to the coastal people of papua new Guinea
since 2000 , the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been presented with the colin mears award to the value of £ 5000 .
following the drummers are dancers , who often play the solosoga a small drum that makes almost no sound and tend to have morebasic — even acrobatic — choreography .
the spacecraft consists of two main parts : the nasa cassini orbiter , named after the italian-french astronomer giovanni domenico cassini , and the esa huygens probe , named after the dutch astronomer , mathematician and physicist christiaan huygens .
alessandro " sandro " mazzola was born on November 8, 1942, in Italy.
it was thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
he attended Wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 , when he graduated with a ba in anthropology .
however, the bzö differs from the freedom party in some ways, as it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon treaty but against an EU-withdrawal .
many species had gone extinct by the end of the nineteenth century , with European settlement .
in 1987 wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame .
in its pure form , dextromethorphan occurs as a white powder .
Admission to Tsinghua is extremely competitive .
today, NRC is organized as an independent, private foundation.
it is located at the coast of the Baltic Sea, where it encloses the city of Stralsund .
he was also named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports Illustrated .
fives is a british sport believed to have originated from the same origins as many racquet sports .
for example , king bhumibol was born on Monday , so throughout Thailand will be decorated with yellow decorations .
both names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland
Nevertheless, Tagore followed many styles, including work from northern new zealand, HAIDA carvings from the west coast of Canada, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
on october 14 , 1960 , president candidate john F. Kennedy proposed the concept of the peace corps on the steps of Michigan Union .
she performed for president reagan in 1988 's great performances at the white house series , which aired on the public broadcasting service .
perry saturn with terri defeated eddie guerrero with chyna to win the wwf european championship at 8:10 on saturn pinned guerrero after a diving elbow drop .
she remained in the United States until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France .
despina was discovered in late July, 1989 from the images taken by the Voyager 2 probe .
the first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship took place on 4 September 1921 at Brescia .
he also completed two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious tales and seven strange and ghostly tales .
at the voyager 2 images of ophelia appears as an elongated object , the major axis pointing towards Uranus .
the british decided to eliminate him and take the land by force .
some of the towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia , between the south australian border almost to caiguna , do not follow the official Western Australian time .
in architectural decoration, small pieces of colorful and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays, which have been used to decorate walls, furniture and boxes .
the other incorporated cities on the palos verdes peninsula include rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
fearing that drek will destroy the galaxy , clank asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark , in an effort to stop drek .
it is not actually a real louse .
he advocates applying a user-centered design process to product development cycles and also strives to popularize interaction design as a mainstream discipline .
theoretically, it is possible that the other editors who may have reported you and the administrator who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone who has never met you in person .
working group i : assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain forms part of the hebrides , separated from the scottish mainland and from the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on july 12 , 2008 .
minor planet designations are number-name combinations supervised by the minor planet center , a branch of the iau .
by early on september 30 , wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began .
each entry has a data point a nugget of information which is a copy of the data point in some backing store .
as a result , although many mosques will not enforce rules , both men and women must adhere to these guidelines when attending a mosque.
mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , published in 1991 .
he was born on 10 July 1988 .
like the previous reports, it consists of four reports, three of which come from its working groups.
their granddaughter hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of Paris , and their grandson Pierre Joliot is a noted biochemist .
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of victoria's reign , and vast quantities were printed .
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts  mma  promotion billed as the world 's first mma league .
giardia lamblia is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonises and reproduces in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
aside from this , cameron has often worked in religious-themed productions , among them the post-rapture films left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he plays cameron " buck " williams .
this was the eastern area of " Prussia proper " .
after graduating from college, he returned to Yerevan to teach music at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew , namely - and the gospel of luke - specifically - .
he was later in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and bad behaviour .
so far, the ' celebrity ' episodes have included vic reeves , Nancy Sorrell , GabyRoslin , Scott Mills , SimonGregson , Lee Ryan , Carol Thatcher , Paul O'Grady and Gerry Ryan .
it was discovered by Stephen P. Synnott in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5 , 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter .
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show, hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
the release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website on 16 June 2009 .
he is also a member of another boyband that is 183rd in the world .
the apostolic tradition, attributed to the theologian Hippolytus, attests the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early Christian apathy feasts .
in return, Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and undertook to defend the northern region of France against the incursions of other Viking groups.
it is derived from the voice of America VOA special English.
disney was presented with a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , given to him by 10-year-old child actress Shirley Temple .
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft .
it is an administrative district in the canton of graubünden , Switzerland .
it continues as the Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic .
this leads to confusion when referring to 220 thousand 1,048,576 bytes as 1 megabyte instead of 1 megabyte .
the incident has been the topic of many reports as to ethics in scholarship .
so that the animal may be more docile or may put on weight more quickly .
seventh sons have strong " abilities " that are specific to magical abilities - and seventh sons of seventh sons are both extraordinarily rare and powerful .
benchmarking was conducted by Passmark software in 2009 and found the 2009 version's 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 mb memory utilization .
it is a town in the tuscany region of Italy .
historically, the sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other until recently, where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain, but displays notable differences.
because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous , the tongue is sticky .
the same tram derailed on 30 may 2006 near Starr Gate Loop during previous trials .
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson, both former town and country managers, outside the ground .
take the square root of the variance .
volunteers Provided food,blankets,water,child's toys,massages, and a live rock band performance at the stadium.
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern France .
if there are no strong land use controls , buildings will be built on a bypass , turning it into an ordinary road , and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid.
it is also a starting point for people wanting to explore cooktown , cape York Peninsula , and the Atherton Tableland .
bruises often produce pain but are not generally dangerous .
none of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, vandals, or anyone else associated with wikipedia can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages .
he also served as kapellmeister for George, elector of Hanover who eventually became George I of Great Britain
their eyes are small and their visual acuity is poor.
they are considered the most resilient biological materials by scientists only if they are treated carefully .
oregano is an essential ingredient in Greek cuisine
tickets can be bought for national rail services, the docklands light railway and on an oyster card .
these works he published himself , while his much larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned by others .
the historical method consists of the techniques and guidelines used by historians to research and write history .
the sheer weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .
as of 2000 , the population was 89,148 .
aliteracy sometimes spelled alliteracy is the state of being able to read but being uninterested in doing so .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound used as a pharmaceutical .
it will then pull itself out of the river bed and sink back back to the food source .
furthermore, research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that they care about or trust .
today , landis ' father has become a strong supporter of his son and regards himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans .
shortly after reaching category 4 status , the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged .
the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage .
convinced that the grounds were haunted, they decided to publish their findings in a book under the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he settled in London, devoted himself chiefly to practical teaching.
brunstad has several fast food restaurants , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and its own grocery store .
he left a detachment of 11,000 soldiers to garrison the newly conquered region .
in 1438, trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia, and thenceforth its history blended first with that of the states of the church, then 1860 with the united kingdom of Italy.
the depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation without convection , and dissipated the next day over Brazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was an agency existing from 1952 to 1995 .
the current lineup of the band consists of flynn vocals, guitar, ducebass, phil demmelguitar, and dave mcclaindrums.
advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries in the greater middle east to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation .
the characters are foul-mouthed descendants of their earlier characters pete and dud .
johan was also the original bassist for the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but left before the band ever released a studio album .
in 1998 , culver ran for the iowa secretary of state office and was successful .
in 1990 , mark messier won the hart by a margin of two votes , the difference being a single first-place vote .
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he impulsively disregards that law , and inadvertently starts a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home ,forcing their premature migration , and his separation from them .
the female equivalent is a daughter .
he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April 1999 .
before the storm arrived , the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks .
the form of chess played is speed chess in which each competitor has a total of twelve seconds for the whole game .
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two former presidents were later separately charged with treason and mutiny for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
moderate to severe damage extended up the Atlantic coast and as far inland as West Virginia .
because the owner doesn't keep track of them, these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies .
the wave traveled across the Atlantic Ocean, and organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
for example, the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated annually .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke and gospel of john , probably written between 60 and 100 .
since the end of the 19th century, eschelbronn is well-known for its furniture manufacturing industry .
the upper half of the building also resembles the coat of arms of the former districtoberbarnim .
unlike the clouds on earth , however, which are composed of crystals of ice , neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane .
their participation is limited until they reach adulthood .
development stable releases are usually rare, but there are often snapshots which are stable enough to use.
finally, in 1482, the order dispatched him to Florence, the ‘ city of his destiny’.
in the soviet years , the bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov 's most important landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral  1908  and st george cathedral in Nakhichevan  1783-1807 .
he died on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , Spain and was buried in the church of San Benito d' Alcantara .
this was demonstrated in the miller-urey experiment by Stanley L. Miller and Harald C. Urey in 1953
cogeneration also combines heat and power , chp is the use of a heat engine or a power station to simultaneously generate both electricity and useful heat .
on occasion, the male " den master " will also allow a second male into the den; the reason for this is unknown.
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript snippet that can be enabled by checking an option in your Wikipedia preferences .
below are some useful links to facilitate your participation .
he served as the prime minister of egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948 .
she was left behind when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland.
he was appointed a Gentleman of the Chapel Royal by James I in 1615 .
he was embarrassed to receive his award and initially indicated that he may not accept it .
later, Esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as a means to an end, even if Esperanto is never adopted by the United Nations or other international organizations .
dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on september 12 .
he is an american novelist .
she died eva anna paula hitler on 6 february 1912 – 30 april 1945 ; she was the longtime companion and wife of adolf hitler
each license has a different version number.
most irc servers do not require users to have an account but they will have to set a nickname before being connected .
that same year he also received a mechanic certificate , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling event produced by world wrestling entertainment wwe , which will take place on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles , california .
usually portrayed as being bald , with long, whiskers - he is said to be an incarnation of the southern pole
some animals have chromatic response , changing color in changing environments , either seasonally  ermine , snowshoe hare  or more quickly with chromatophores in their integument  the cephalopod family  .
val venis won a steel cage match to retain the wwf Intercontinental championship at 14:10 on November 14th, 2004. Venis pinned Rikishi after tazz hit Rikishi with a TV camera.
this closely resembles the Unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces .
he came from a musical background ; his mother, Larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale.
the largest populations of mennonites are found in Canada, the Democratic Republic of Congo, the United States, and many other countries. However, mennonites can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the populace of those countries.
naas is a major "Dublin suburb" town, with many people living in Naas and working in Dublin.
his armour consisted of oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin , with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area , along the spine .
irmo was chartered on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
in contrast , bills proposed by the law commission , and consolidation bills , start in the house of lords .
in the years leading up to his final release in 1474 , when he began preparations for the reconquest of Wallachia , Vlad lived with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital .
you may add up to five words as a front-cover text , and up to 25 words as a back-cover text , to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version .
he is interred in the restvale cemetery in alsip , Illinois .
bone marrow is the flexible tissue found in the hollow interior of bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red  this is the same process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets ;
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse département in southern France , in the area provence-alpes-côte d'azur .
macgruber starts asking for simple objects to make something to defuse the bomb , but he is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life that makes him run out of time .
this was substantially complete when messiaen died, and yvonne Loriod undertook the final movement 's orchestration with advice from George Benjamin .
shi ' a Muslims consider karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem and Najaf.
the pad called for the resignation of the governments of thaksin Shinawatra, samak Sundaravej and somchai Wongsawat, whom the pad accused of being proxies for thaksin .
however, travel through very far-reaching areas , on isolated tracks , requires advance planning and a reliable vehicle  usually a four-wheel drive  .
while at Kahn he was chief architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal and he and dr. schön leave.
britpop emerged from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
this was absorbed into battalions being formed for the xi international brigade .
the sheppard line currently doesn't have as many users as the other two subway lines , and shorter trains are run .
it has a seating capacity of 98,772 , making it the largest stadium in Europe , and the eleventh largest in the world .
in December, 1967, ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of israel .
some articles are quite lengthy and rich in content while others are shorter perhaps stubs  and of lesser quality .
about 95 species are currently accepted .
it is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill ".
terms such as " undies " and " movie " for " moving picture " are often heard terms in english .
jurisdiction is based on public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society.
he followed this up with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , Overture to the song of hiawatha and Hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is Aracaju  pop .
despite this, farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade .
gumbasia was created in a style taught by Vorkapich called kinesthetic film principles .
he became his idol, and mk sun grew up to become a lawyer .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historical township located near Cowra in the central west of New South Wales , Australia in Cabonne Shire .
donaldson enlisted in the australian army on 18 June 2002 .
prospectors from California, Europe, and China were also digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes .
before the advent of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used tool in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 features 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  .
yogurt or yogurt is a dairy product produced by bacterial fermentation of milk .
seventy-five defencemen are enshrined in the hall of fame , more than any other current position , while only 35 goaltenders have been given the honor
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries see below ; however, all were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
the album was banned from many stores nationwide .
at the ankle , the legs are wide .
in late 2004 , Suliman made headlines by cutting Howard Stern's radio show from four stations , citing Stern's frequent discussions regarding his upcoming move to Sirius satellite radio .
the company opened twice as many outlets as McDonald's " wendy 's confirms tim hortons' IPO by march ' , ottawa business journal, december 1, 2005 ; and system-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002 .
plot captain caleb holt  kirk cameron  is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia and firmly Keeps the cardinal Rule of all Firefighters, " Never Leave Your Partner Behind ".
he won the presidential election held on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the votes .
the plant is considered a living fossil .
in 1990 , she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia .
he first conceived of orchestration when writing the ballet in 1913 .
protests throughout the nation were suppressed .
offenbach 's many operas, such as orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène, were very popular in both France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
roof tiles dating back to the Tang Dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of chang ' an .
janine marie-madeleine demessieux fébruary 13 , 1921 - november 11 , 1968 was a french organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue .
by most accounts , the instrument was difficult to control .
santa maria maggiore st. mary the greater is the earliest extant church in Assisi .
characteristics radar observations suggest a fairly pure iron-nickel composition .
railway gazette international is a monthly magazine covering the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries worldwide .
he was appointed Companion of Honour in 1988 .
loèche harbours the installations of onyx , the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small cardboard folder  matchcover  enclosing a quantity of matches and having a finer striking surface on the exterior .
she was among the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking around children , and drug use in pregnant women .
definitely , she vowed to never renounce the commune , and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
oel manga series graystripe 's trilogy follows graystripe during his time taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
samovar & porter, 1994, p. 84 syrians did not congregate in urban areas ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis.
he was also famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture .
during her childhood she suffered from collapsed lungs twice , she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year , a ruptured appendix , and had a tonsillar cyst .
dr. david lindenmeyer at australian national university has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable , for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum .
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in montreal , quebec , canada .
small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors .
the term gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species , especially the first species described from norway by Rathke in 1799 , limnoria lignorum .
injuries inflicted by a club are generally known as bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
thereafter, the county's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has yet attempted a quadruple axel in competition .
from the telephone exchange , the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour .
however, even to those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying , there are still rules that apply .
it is described as pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is characterized by the amount of useful work that a computer system is able to accomplish compared to the time and resources that are available .
some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be found along the Volga River .
the cross symbolizes the monasteries of the region .
human skin colors can range from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in Chicago , helped Yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the Ford foundation .
bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial , but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined .
representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association vote on the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
the borders of tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan are located to the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south and the people's republic of china to the east .
nupedia was founded on march 9 , 2000 , under the ownership of bomis , inc , a web portal company .
key features of the design include key-dependent boxes and a highly complex key schedule .
he was born on February 19, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana, and is a rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was independently proposed by physicists Murray Gell-mann and George Zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location .
west berlin had its own postal administration , separate from west germany 's , which issued its own stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro Botticelli , C. 1482 .
new south wales 's largest city and capital is sydney .
the polymer is most commonlyEpoxy, but other polymers, such as Polyester, Vinyl Ester or Nylon, are also sometimes used.
the name still remains as a brand for a related spin-off digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which have survived the demise of the printed magazine .
at four-and-a-half years old he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years , living in various orphanages and roaming through towns with groups of other homeless children .
stands were added behind each goal during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernized .
a town may be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market , provided the right to do so still exists .
a bastion was later built on the eastern approaches .
events occurred in Europe on July 29th - the battle of Stiklestad in Norway .
others have speculated that tresca was eliminated by the nkvd as retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union .
this resulted in both Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries .
use html and css for sparingly and with good reason .
he immediately responded that reports of riots were false .
addiscombe is a suburb in the London borough of Croydon , England .
depending on the context , another related meaning of constituent is that of a citizen residing in the area governed , represented , or otherwise serving in the government ; sometimes this is restricted to citizens who elected the politician .
he is a member of the institute of european history in Mainz , and a senior fellow at the center for european integration studies in Bonn .
he also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead of using a trailer , the crew fashioned a cantilevered arm attached to the " hovercraft " and shot the scene while riding up templin highway north of santa clarita .
the conference papers were later published in a book by phelps et al.
the wario land series is a platforming series that started with wario land : super mario land 3 , a spin-off of the super mario land series .
his opus 57 is a berceuse for solo piano .
these attacks may have been psychological in origin .
a historian has said that " it was quinine 's efficacy that gave colonists new opportunities to swarm into the gold coast, nigeria and other parts of west africa " .
furthermore, spectral studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, which indicates a stony surface composition .
she became the authoritative editor of her husband's works for breitkopf and härtel .
mercury is similar in appearance to the moon : it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains , has no natural satellites and no substantial atmosphere .
the town lies in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zurich .
these animals provide excellent habitat for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was successively ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors descending from the Delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608 .
the prime minister is in office only as long as he or she maintains the support of the lower house .
for rowling , this scene is important because it shows harry 's bravery and by retrieving cedric 's body , he demonstrates selflessness and compassion .
on June 1 , 1972 , he and fellow RAF members jan-carl Raspe and holger Meins were apprehended after a long shootout in Frankfurt .
together, they formed new music Manchester, a group committed to contemporary music.
the intense hurricane caused damage in the upper Florida Keys , as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the area .
it is now the site of Meher Baba 's Samadhi Shrine - as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims .
the collapsed dome of the main church has been restored completely .
in 2005 , meissner became the second female American to land the triple axel jump in national competition .
salem is a city in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States.
forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been reported .
saint martin is an island in the northeast caribbean , approximately 300 kilometers east of Puerto Rico .
therefore, these documents cannot be distributed without further alteration if they contain images .
in april 1862 , ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger for participating in an armed robbery whilst in the company of frank gardiner .
heavy rain fell across portions of Britain on October 5 , causing localized accumulation of flood waters .
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb , where the user's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired .
in approximate relation to the parties' respective strength in the federal assembly, the seats were distributed as follows : free democratic party  fdp  : 2 members , christian democratic people 's party  cvp  : 2 members , social democratic party  sp  : 2 members , and swiss people's party  svp  : 1 member .
a fee is the price one pays for services, especially the honorarium paid to a doctor, lawyer, consultant, or other member of a profession .
ohio state 's library system includes 21 libraries located on its columbus campus .
in other developments , both iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway , but Scotland was able to repulse a norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement .
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking ".
in April 2000 , minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence , but by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities , and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists .
the body color varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and occasionally , it is marked with dark brown spots , especially on the limbs .
the britannica was primarily a sicilian enterprise , as symbolized by its thistle logo , the floral emblem of scotland .
the area covered by the warning issued on september 22 was extended southwards , before being canceled soon after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune published an article alleging that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders had confirmed the use of Mark 77 incendiary bombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat .
the latter served as a source of information for audiences in the later years of the film ( , and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like .
because real estate, businesses, and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can not be used as collateral to raise money to finance industrial and commercial expansion .
he bolted from Sydney Cove several times before being shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan advanced to the police camp , ordering them to surrender .
before the game got underway , the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance had not been up to Veeck 's usual promotional standard .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now joss whedon confirmed that " fray is not over , fray is coming back .
a mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel .
the sat reasoning test formerly was a standardized test for college admissions in the United States .
civil unrest in northern italy spawned the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants .
some reports say that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations .
his sentence was transported to Australia for seven years .
he writes that charles had been " in search of love in those days " when he first met Sebastian , finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , a metaphor that informs the work on a number of levels .
her notorious friendship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was a significant factor in her life .
the term dorsal refers to structures that are located on the side of an animal .
the term " protein " was coined by ibn james berzelius , after mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of large molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang laid low for 16 months evading capture .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern france .
color ranges from orange to yellow .
in 1963 an extension was added , curving north from union station , below university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street , where it turned west to terminate at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed along the western side of the Simpson desert .
it is located on an old trail which led west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are at risk of arrhythmia or sudden heart death or both .
as the largest sub-region in Mesoamerica, it included a vast and diverse landscape , from the mountainous regions of the Sierra Madre to the semi-arid plains of Northern Yucatán .
google made the comic available on google books and their site and mentioned it on their official blog along with an explanation for the early release .
anyone may register a pedigree with the college , where they are carefully internally audited and require official proofs before being changed .
the book was published in 1985 but had limited classroom adoption .
he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 for their first-ever performance in the Soviet Union , with concerts in Moscow and Leningrad , and toured with the ipo again in 1994 , performing in China and India
during the Napoleonic Wars : austrian general Mack surrendered his army to the grand army of napoleon at Ulm , resulting in over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers .
it has been the economic and cultural center of northern Nigeria for many years .
a majority of south Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages – Kannada , Malayalam , Tamil , Telugu and Tulu .
meteora earned multiple awards and honors .
after a brief skirmish , the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked Kane andJericho
most of the songs were written by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman .
in the 5th century, Slavs started to move into the area.
from 1900 to 1920 many new facilities were constructed on campus , including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs , a building for the natural sciences , a hill auditorium , large hospital and library complexes , and two residence halls .
winchester is a city in Scott County, Illinois, United States.
name arzashkun seems to be the form of an armenian name ending in -ka formed from a proper name arzash , which recalls the name arsene , arsissa , applied by the ancient Greeks to part of lake van .
out of 16,421 contestants who participated in the national casting , she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the show .
its episodes were aired on the abc network from its debut on september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
the latter device can then be used in more stringent environments .
gimnasia hired the first famous Colombian trainer, Francisco Maturana, and then,Julio César Falcioni, but both had limited success.
brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa, United States.
furthermore, she appeared in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24 1979 , the 750th anniversary of the village , glinde received its town charter .
she Returned in the Game Boy remake of Donkey Kong in 1994 , and later in Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis in 2006 , although the character is now described as " Mario 's friend ."
the vagina is remarkably elastic and stretches to many times its normal size during vaginal birth .
his real date of birth was never documented , but it is believed to be a date between 1935 and 1939 .
this quantitative measure measures the amount of a particular drug or other substance that needs to be used to inhibit a given biological process or component of a process , i.e. an enzyme , cell , cell receptor or microorganism by half
although the name suggests that they are located in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern , portions of the bernese alps are in the adjacent cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
there she had one daughter , later baptized as Mary Ann Fisher Power , to Ann E Power.
during an interview, edward gorey mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists , lamenting the fact that not many people knew about this fine artist .
the string can vibrate in different ways just as a guitar string can produce different notes , and every mode appears as a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
he also received an academy award nomination when he played Fletcher Christian in 1935's mutiny on the bounty .
