one side of the armed conflicts is made up of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a militia group mostly composed of the afro-arab abbala tribes from northern rizeigat in sudan .
jeddah is the main gateway to mecca , islam's holiest city , which able-bodied muslims must visit at least once in their lifetime .
it is thought that the great dark spot is a hole in the methane cloud deck of neptune .
his next work , saturday , follows a busy day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the trickster character , the tarantula , spun a black cord and pulled it east with all his strength , while attached to the ball .
six weeks later , on 13 january 888 , he died there .
they are related to the coastal people of papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the kate greenaway medal winner has also received the colin mears award worth £ 5000 .
then the dancers come , who usually play the sogo  a tiny drum with little sound  and have more complex — even acrobatic — choreography .
the spacecraft has two parts : the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe .
alessandro mazzola was born on 8 november 1942 and is a former italian football player.
it was believed that the debris filled in the smaller craters.
graham studied at wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 and graduated with a ba in anthropology .
however , the bzö differs from the freedom party , as they support a referendum on the lisbon treaty but oppose an EU-withdrawal .
many species disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century due to european settlement .
in 1987 wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame .
dextromethorphan appears as a white powder in its pure form .
getting into tsinghua is very difficult .
nrc is now organized as a separate , private foundation .
it is located at the coast of the baltic sea , and it surrounds the city of stralsund .
he was also given the title of 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated .
fives is a british sport believed to have the same roots as many racquet sports .
for instance , king bhumibol was born on a monday , so his birthday will be celebrated with yellow decorations throughout thailand .
both names were eliminated in 2007 when they combined into the national museum of scotland .
however , tagore imitated various formats , including craftwork from northern new ireland , haida carvings from british columbia , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , john f. kennedy presented the idea of the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she performed for president reagan in 1988 's great performances at the white house series , which aired on PBS .
perry saturn and terri beat eddie guerrero and chyna to win the wwf european championship, and saturn pinned guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
they stayed in the united states until 1927 , then they went back to france .
despina was found in late july , 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship happened on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he created two collections of short stories called the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
the voyager 2 images show ophelia as an elongated object , with its major axis pointing towards uranus .
the british chose to eliminate him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in western australia do not observe official western australian time .
small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes through mosaics and inlays .
the other cities on the palos verdes peninsula are rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
afraid that drek will ruin the galaxy , clank requests ratchet to help him locate the well-known superhero captain qwark , to stop drek .
it is not a true louse .
he promotes using a user-centered design process in product development and popularizing interaction design as a discipline .
it is possible that the other editors, and the administrator who blocked you, are conspiring against someone they've never met.
group i : evaluates scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the islands form part of the hebrides , separated from the scottish mainland and the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
they welcomed alanna marie orton on july 12 , 2008 .
the minor planet center , a branch of the iau , oversees official minor planet designations .
by early on september 30 , wind shear increased and a weakening trend started .
each entry has a datum which is a copy of the data in the storage .
therefore , both men and women must follow these guidelines when visiting a mosque , even if it is not enforced .
brian jacques wrote the fantasy novel mariel of redwall in 1991 .
ryan prosser, born on 10 july 1988, is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership.
like past assessment reports , it has four reports , three from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot , named after pierre curie , is a famous biochemist .
this stamp stayed the standard letter stamp for the rest of victoria 's reign , and many were printed .
the international fight league was a mixed martial arts promotion known as the world's first mma league.
giardia lamblia , also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis , is a flagellated protozoan parasite that lives in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions, such as the post-rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War, where he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
this area was east of the mouth of the vistula river , later termed " prussia proper " .
after graduating , he returned to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and was later appointed artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas comes from the gospel of matthew and luke .
weelkes was later reprimanded by the chichester cathedral authorities for his drinking and bad behavior .
so far , the ' celebrity ' episodes have included people such as vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
stephen p. synnott discovered it in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5 , 1979 while orbiting around jupiter .
gomaespuma was a spanish radio show , hosted by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser .
on 16 june 2009 , the resistance 's official release date was announced on the band 's website .
he also belongs to another jungiery boyband, 183 club .
hippolytus's apostolic tradition attests the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts .
in exchange , rollo swore loyalty to charles , converted to christianity , and agreed to protect the northern area of france from other viking groups .
it comes from voice of america  voa  special english .
disney was given a full-size oscar statuette and seven smaller ones , presented to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid found by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is a district in the canton of graubünden , switzerland .
it is now called bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .
this causes consumer confusion when 220  1,048,576  bytes is called 1 mb  megabyte  instead of 1 mib .
numerous reports have discussed ethics in scholarship regarding this incident .
they are castrated to make the animal more docile or gain weight quickly .
seventh sons have special abilities , and seventh sons of seventh sons are both very rare and powerful .
benchmarking by passmark software shows the 2009 edition 's 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory usage .
volterra is a town in italy's tuscany region .
until recently , it was thought that itch and pain were not independent of each other , but it was found that itch shares many features with pain , but also has some differences .
the tongue has glycoprotein-rich mucous which lubricates movement and catches ants and termites , making it sticky .
the tram had derailed at starr gate loop during earlier trials .
statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers , are outside the ground .
calculate the square root of the variance .
volunteers gave food , blankets , water , children's toys , massages , and a live rock band performance to those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a town in sarthe, northwestern france .
without proper land use controls , buildings are built along a bypass , turning it into a regular town road , and it may become as congested as the roads it was meant to avoid .
it is also a beginning for those wanting to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises cause pain but are usually not dangerous .
no one connected with wikipedia can be responsible for your use of the information from these web pages .
george frideric handel was also the kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover  who later became george i of great britain  .
they have small eyes and poor vision .
only chitin is tougher than them as biological materials .
oregano is needed in greek cuisine.
tickets can be purchased for national rail services , the docklands light railway and with an oyster card .
he made and published these works himself , while his larger woodcuts were most often commissioned work .
the historical method is how historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and write history .
the weight of the continental icecap on lake vostok is thought to increase the oxygen concentration .
in 2000 , the population was 89,148 .
aliteracy  sometimes spelled alliteracy  is the condition of being able to read but not wanting to do so .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as a pharmaceutical .
it will then drop back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
additionally , studies have shown children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that they know , trust , and / or care about .
today , landis ' father strongly supports his son and considers himself one of floyd 's biggest fans .
after becoming a category 4 hurricane , the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged .
the equilibrium price for labor is the wage .
believing the grounds were haunted , they decided to put their findings in a book an adventure  1911  , using the names elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he moved to london , mostly teaching .
brunstad has several fast food spots , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and its own grocery store .
he left 11,000 soldiers to guard the newly conquered region .
in 1438 trevi became part of the church's rule as part of the legation of perugia , and then its history became connected with the states of the church , and in 1860 with the united kingdom of italy .
the depression moved inland on the 20th without convection , and the next day it dissipated over brazil , causing heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was a police force in new york city that operated from 1952 to 1995 .
the current band members are flynn  vocals , guitar  , duce  bass  , phil demmel  guitar  , and dave mcclain  drums  .
countries with a minority muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries to use mosques to encourage civic participation .
the characters are crude versions of their old characters pete and dud .
johan was the original bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but he left before the band released a studio album .
in 1998 , culver ran for iowa secretary of state and won .
in 1990 , mark messier won the hart over ray bourque by two votes , due to one first-place vote .
Shade's impulsive disobedience of a law sets the main plot of the novel in motion, leading to the destruction of his colony's home, their forced migration, and his separation from them.
the female version is a daughter .
in april 1999 , he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer .
before the storm arrived , the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks .
they play speed chess in which each player has twelve minutes for the whole game .
the amazon basin is the part of south america that is drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two former presidents were later charged with mutiny and treason for their involvement in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
moderate to severe damage was seen up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .
since the owner is usually unaware , these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies .
the wave crossed the atlantic , and developed into a tropical depression off the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .
the stylebook of the associated press is updated yearly .
the four canonical gospels are matthew , mark , luke and john , written between ad 65 and 100 .
since the late 1800s , eschelbronn is famous for its furniture industry .
the upper half looks like the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
in contrast to earth's clouds , neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of frozen methane crystals .
they cannot fully participate until they reach legal adulthood .
stable releases are rare , but there are often subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use .
finally in 1482 the order sent him to florence , the ‘ city of his destiny ’ .
the bolsheviks destroyed two of rostov 's important landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral  1908  and st george cathedral in nakhichevan  1783-1807  .
he died on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , spain and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .
stanley l. miller and harold c. urey demonstrated this in the miller-urey experiment in 1953.
cogeneration , also known as combined heat and power (CHP) , is the use of an engine or a power station to generate both electricity and heat .
sometimes the male den master will let a second male into the den ; it is unknown why .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript and / or css script that can be enabled by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
here are some helpful links to help you get involved .
he was the prime minister of egypt from 1945 to 1948 .
she was left behind when the rest of the nicoleños were relocated to the mainland , and the reasons for this vary .
james i appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal , and he served as an organist there until his death .
chauvin was embarrassed to get his award and initially said he would not accept it .
later , esperanto speakers viewed the language and its culture as ends in themselves , even if esperanto is never accepted by the united nations or other international organizations .
dry air around the southern area of the cyclone weakened most of the convection by early on september 12 .
calvin baker is a novelist .
eva braun , born eva hitler  6 february 1912 – 30 april 1945  was the companion and , for a brief time , wife of adolf hitler .
each license has a distinguishing version number .
most irc servers do not require users to register an account , but they must set a nickname before connecting .
in that same year , he received a mechanics certificate , making him the youngest approved airplane mechanic in new york .
summerslam  2009  is a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by the wwe , happening on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles , california .
usually shown as bald , with long whiskers , he is believed to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
some animals have chromatic response , changing color in different environments , either over long periods of time or quickly with chromatophores in their skin .
val venis won a steel cage match against rikishi to keep the wwf intercontinental championship , pinning him after tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera .
it is similar to the unix philosophy of having multiple programs that each do one thing well and work together through universal interfaces .
he came from a musical family ; his mother was an administrative assistant and singer , and his father was a band director at yale .
mennonites have large populations in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states , and can also be found in 51 countries on six continents or scattered in those countries .
naas is a large " dublin suburb " town , with many people living in naas and working in dublin .
acanthopholis had oval plates set almost horizontally into its skin , with spikes coming out of the neck and shoulder area , and along the spine .
origin irmo was created on christmas eve in 1890 due to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
on the other hand , bills suggested by the law commission , and consolidation bills , begin in the house of lords .
before his final release in 1474 , vlad resided in a house in the hungarian capital with his new wife as he planned for the reconquest of wallachia .
you may add a phrase of up to five words as a front-cover text , and a phrase of up to 25 words as a back-cover text , to the end of the modified version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is a flexible tissue found inside bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue due to the scattering of blue light being more efficient than red  this is the same process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets  .
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse département in southern france .
macgruber gathers objects to make something to defuse the bomb , but he is later distracted by something from his personal life , causing him to run out of time .
messiaen finished most of it before he died , and yvonne loriod orchestrated the last movement with help from george benjamin .
shi ' a muslims view karbala as one of their most sacred cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
the pad demanded the resignation of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat , whom they accused of being thaksin's proxies .
traveling through remote areas , on isolated tracks , needs careful planning and a reliable four wheel drive .
at kahn , he was chief architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he excuses himself to leave for rehearsal , and he and dr. schön walk away .
britpop came from the british indie music scene of the early 1990s and was defined by bands that were inspired by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
this was merged into battalions forming for xi international brigade .
the sheppard line has fewer riders than the other two subway lines , and shorter trains are used .
its capacity is 98,772 , the largest in europe , and the eleventh largest worldwide .
in december 1967 , ten boom was awarded by israel as one of the righteous among the nations .
some articles are long and detailed while others are short and of lower quality .
there are currently 95 accepted species .
eugowra was named after the aboriginal word meaning " the place where the sand goes down the hill " .
terms like " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are common in english .
jurisdiction comes from international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the government to use resources for the benefit of its citizens .
he created other pieces about hiawatha , like the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is aracaju .
nonetheless , farrenc was paid less than her male colleagues for almost ten years .
gumbasia was made in a style vorkapich taught, called kinesthetic film principles .
brandon waise lee was his idol , and mk sun grew up to be a lawyer .
canowindra is an historic township located near cowra in new south wales, australia in cabonne shire .
donaldson joined the australian army on 18 june 2002 .
prospectors from california , europe and china searched along the peel river and up the mountain slopes .
before pocket calculators , it was the main tool used in science and engineering calculations .
the kindle 2 has 16-level grayscale display , better battery life , faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option , and a smaller thickness of 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  .
yoghurt is a dairy product made by bacterial fermentation of milk .
seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame , more than any other position , while only 35 goaltenders have been chosen .
different opinions on the subject have been suggested throughout the years  see below  , but all were rejected by mainstream christian groups .
the album was banned from many stores nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top and thin at the ankle .
in late 2004 , suleman removed howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations , due to stern 's constant talks about his move to sirius satellite radio .
the company opened twice as many canadian outlets as mcdonald's and had higher system-wide sales than mcdonald's Canadian operations by 2002.
captain caleb holt  kirk cameron  is a firefighter in albany , georgia and follows the cardinal rule of all firemen , " never leave your partner behind " .
he won the presidential election on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the vote .
this plant is a living fossil .
in 1990 , she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia .
He first thought of writing the ballet in 1913.
the protests were suppressed .
his operettas , such as orpheus in the underworld , and la belle hélène , were popular in france and the english-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles from the tang dynasty with this symbol have been found near the ancient city of chang ' an  modern-day xian  .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux was a french organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
the instrument was reportedly hard to control .
santa maria maggiore , the oldest existing church in assisi .
radar observations show that it has a mostly iron-nickel composition .
railway gazette international is a monthly business magazine that covers the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries globally .
he received the title of companion of honour  ch  in 1988 .
loèche contains the onyx system , a swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small folder containing matches, with a rough surface on the outside .
she was one of the first doctors to oppose cigarette smoking around children , and drug use in pregnant women .
she defiantly vowed to never give up the commune , and challenged the judges to sentence her to death .
graystripe's trilogy is a three volume english-language manga series which follows him from when he was taken by twolegs in 'Dawn' until he returns to ThunderClan in 'The Sight'.
many syrian immigrants who worked as peddlers interacted with americans daily (Samovar & Porter, 1994, p. 84).
he was also famous for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden furniture made of metal .
she endured collapsed lungs twice during childhood , had pneumonia 4-5 times a year , a ruptured appendix , and a tonsillar cyst .
Dr. David Lindenmeyer of the Australian National University has argued that the necessity for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable for species like Leadbeater's Possum that rely on hollows.
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team from montreal , quebec , canada .
small value inductors can also be made on integrated circuits with the same processes used to make transistors .
the word gribble was originally used to describe the wood-boring species , in particular the one first discovered in norway by rathke in 1799 , limnoria lignorum .
wounds caused by a club are usually called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
afterwards , the county 's administration was run at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no one has done a quadruple axel in competition yet .
the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military bases on the harbour from the telephone exchange .
however , even for those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying , there are still rules that must be followed .
it is said to be pointed in the face and as large as a rabbit .
computer performance is evaluated by how much work it can do compared to the time and resources used .
the volga contains some of the world's largest reservoirs .
the crosier stands for the monasteries of the region .
human skin colors range from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank , a community bank in chicago , aided yunus with the establishment of the bank with a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer said that saddam would be put on trial , but the details had not been decided .
members of the professional hockey writers ' association vote for the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
tajikistan , turkmenistan , uzbekistan , iran , pakistan and china border afghanistan .
nupedia was created on march 9 , 2000 , by bomis , inc , a web portal company .
the design has key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule .
iain grieve was born in jwaneng, botswana on 19 february 1987 and is a rugby union back-rower for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership.
other settlements near there are pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
murray gell-mann and george zweig proposed the quark model in 1964 .
a fourth ring with golden garlands was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its current location .
west berlin had its own postal service , different from west germany 's , and issued its own stamps until 1990 .
sandro botticelli painted the primavera in c. 1482.
sydney is new south wales 's largest city and capital .
often the polymer is epoxy , but other materials such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon may also be used .
the name remains as a brand for a related digital television channel , radio station , and website which still exist after the magazine closed .
at four-and-a-half years old , he had to survive on his own in northern italy for the next four years , living in multiple orphanages and travelling with other homeless kids .
seats were added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground was modernized .
a town may be referred to as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market , as long as the right still exists .
a fortification was built on the eastern approaches later .
olav haraldsson was defeated by his pagan vassals and killed in the battle of stiklestad on july 29 in norway .
some have speculated that tresca was killed by the nkvd as revenge for criticizing the stalin regime of the soviet union .
this caused montenegro and serbia to become independent countries .
use html and css markup only when necessary .
schuschnigg publicly responded that reports of riots were false .
addiscombe is a suburb in croydon , england .
in some cases , constituent can mean a citizen residing in the area served by a politician , often only those who voted for the politician .
he is a member of institute of european history in mainz , and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn .
stallone had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french movie taxi 3 as a passenger .
the crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the " hovercraft " and filmed the scene while driving up templin highway north of santa clarita .
the conference papers were published in a book the following year titled microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al .
wario land is a platforming series that began with wario land : super mario land 3 , a spin-off of the super mario land series .
chopin's opus 57 is a berceuse for solo piano .
these attacks may have been from the mind rather than physical .
a historian noted that quinine allowed colonists to move into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa .
additionally , spectroscopic studies have found evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , pointing to a stony surface composition .
she became the official editor of her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury looks like the moon : it is full of craters with areas of smooth plains , has no moons and no thick atmosphere .
the town lies in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
these areas provide good habitat for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was ruled by turkish and afghan governors from the delhi sultanate before the mughals arrived in 1608.
The prime minister remains in office only if they retain the support of the lower house.
rowling considers this scene important because it shows harry's bravery and his selflessness and compassion by retrieving cedric's corpse .
on june 1 , 1972 , he and two other raf members were captured after a long gunfight in frankfurt .
they formed new music manchester , a group focused on contemporary music .
the powerful hurricane caused major destruction in the upper florida keys , as a storm surge of around 18-20 feet hit the area .
it is now the home of meher baba's tomb-shrine  as well as services for pilgrims .
the main church's collapsed dome has been fully restored .
in 2005 , meissner became the second american woman to perform the triple axel jump in a competition .
salem is a city in massachusetts , united states .
forty-nine pipefish and nine seahorse species have been found .
saint martin is an island in the northeast Caribbean , about 300 km  186 miles  from puerto rico .
thus , these pdfs can not be shared without further changes if they have images .
in april 1862 , ben was arrested by police inspector sir frederick pottinger for being part of an armed robbery with frank gardiner .
heavy rain poured over parts of britain on october 5 , leading to flooding in some areas .
version 2009.1 includes a usb installer to create a live usb , where the user can save their configuration and personal data if they choose .
the seats were distributed according to the parties ' strength in the federal assembly : free democratic party  fdp  : 2 , christian democratic people 's party  cvp  : 2 , social democratic party  sp  : 2 , and swiss people 's party  svp  : 1 .
a fee is the amount paid in exchange for services , especially to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other professional .
ohio state has twenty-one libraries on its columbus campus .
iceland and greenland accepted the rule of norway , but scotland successfully defended itself against a norse invasion and got a good peace agreement .
the singles from the album were " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in april 2000 , minix became free / open source software under a free software licence , but other operating systems had become more advanced , so it mostly stayed as a system for students and hobbyists .
the fur can be medium brown, gold-ish, or beige-white, and sometimes has dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
the britannica was a scottish venture , indicated by its thistle logo , the flower of scotland .
the alert issued on september 22 was extended southwards as jose intensified , before being canceled soon after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune reported that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders admitted to using mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the early stages of combat .
these provided audiences with the same kind of information as intertitles , and can help historians imagine what the film was like .
this is because assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as collateral to raise money for industrial and commercial expansion .
he escaped from sydney cove several times before being killed in 1796 .
ned and dan arrived at the police camp and ordered them to surrender.
before the second game started , the press said that the " midget-in-a-cake " stunt was not as good as veeck 's usual promotions .
in a video promoting the charity equality now , joss whedon said " fray is not done , fray is coming back .
a mutant is a type of fictional character from marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test is a standardized test for college admissions in the united states .
unrest in northern italy gave rise to the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by flagellants .
some reports say multiple factors make paralysis and hallucinations more likely .
he was sentenced to transportation to australia for seven years .
waugh described that charles was " seeking love in those days " when he first met sebastian , discovering " the low door in the wall ... leading to an enclosed and magical garden " , a metaphor that influenced the work in many ways .
her association with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was important in her life .
the term dorsal means anatomical structures located or growing on the back side of an animal .
berzelius coined the term "protein" after mulder noticed that all proteins had the same formula and might be made of one type of large molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang stayed hidden for 16 months avoiding capture .
barneville-la-bertran is a town in the calvados department in france .
the color is from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 an extension was added , curving north from union station , below university avenue and queen 's park , then west to terminate at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , a part of the commonwealth railways central australian line ran along the western side of the simpson desert .
it is situated on an old portage trail which went west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia, sudden cardiac death, or both.
as the largest sub-region in mesoamerica , it had a wide range of landscapes , from the mountainous sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google later made the comic available on google books and their website and mentioned it on their official blog with an explanation for the early release .
one can register a pedigree with the college , which will undergo internal audits and require official proofs before being changed .
the book , political economy , was released in 1985 , but had little classroom use .
in 1990 , he toured with the ipo to their first-ever show in the soviet union , with concerts in moscow and leningrad , and again in 1994 , performing in china and india .
in the napoleonic wars , austrian general mack surrendered his army to napoleon's grand army at ulm , giving napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and causing 10,000 casualties on the austrians .
it is the economic hub of northern nigeria , and a centre for groundnut production and export .
most south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu or tulu .
meteora won the band many awards and honors.
after a short stand-off , the wwf cavalry attacked kane and jericho .
richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman wrote most of the songs .
the slavs moved into the area in the 5th century.
between 1900 and 1920, many new buildings were built on campus , such as for dental and pharmacy programs , a chemistry building , a natural sciences building , hill auditorium , large hospital and library complexes , and two dormitories .
winchester is a city in illinois , united states .
arzashkun appears to be the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka developed from the proper name arzash , which is similar to the ancient names arsene and arsissa used for part of lake van.
out of 16,421 entrants , she was chosen among the 15 finalists to appear on the tv show .
its episodes aired on the abc network from september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
the device can then be created and used in less demanding conditions .
gimnasia hired famous colombian trainer francisco maturana and then julio césar falcioni , but neither had much success .
brighton is a city in iowa , united states .
she also appeared in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24 1979  glinde was granted its town charter for its 750th anniversary .
pauline reappeared in the 1994 game boy version of donkey kong , and later mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , but is now referred to as " mario's friend ".
the vagina is very flexible and can expand to a large size during childbirth .
his actual birthdate was never recorded , but it is estimated to be between 1935 and 1939 .
this quantitative measure shows how much of a drug or other substance  inhibitor  is needed to reduce a biological process  or component of a process , i.e. an enzyme , cell , cell receptor or microorganism  by half .
although the name suggests they are in the bernese oberland region of bern , parts of the bernese alps are also in other cantons nearby including valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
there he had a daughter , mary ann fisher power , with ann  e  power .
edward gorey mentioned in an interview that bawden was one of his favorite artists , regretting that not many people remembered or knew about this artist .
the string can vibrate in various ways like a guitar string can play different notes , and each mode appears as a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable also got an academy award nomination when he acted in mutiny on the bounty in 1935 .
