one side of the armed conflicts in sudan is composed mainly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
jeddah is the main gateway to mecca , Islam's holiest city . Muslims are required to visit it at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot on Neptune is thought to be a hole in the methane cloud deck.
his next work is called Saturday and follows an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord and , attaching it to the ball , quickly escaped to the east , pulling on the cord with all his strength .
he died on 13 january 888 and was buried in the abbey of saint Denis .
they are similar to the coastal peoples of papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been awarded the colin mears award which is worth £ 5000 .
following the drummers are dancers who often play the sogo, a tiny drum that makes almost no sound, and tend to have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography.
the spacecraft is made up of two main elements : the nasa cassini orbiter , named after the italian-french astronomer giovanni domenico cassini , and the esa huygens probe , named after the dutch astronomer , mathematician and physicist christiaan huygens .
Alessandro "Sandro" Mazzola was born on November 8, 1942.
it was thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham attended wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 and graduated with a bachelor's degree in anthropology in 1943 .
however , the bzö differs from the freedom party , as it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon treaty but against an EU withdrawal .
many species were lost by the end of the nineteenth century with european settlement .
in 1987 wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame .
dextromethorphan is a white powder in its pure form.
Admission to Tsinghua University is extremely competitive .
today, nrc is an independent , private foundation .
it is situated on the coast of the baltic sea , enclosing the city of stralsund .
he was also honored in 1982 by sports illustrated with the title " sportsman of the year ."
fives is believed to derive from the same origins as many racquet sports .
for example , king bhumibol was born on Monday , so on his birthday throughout Thailand will be decorated with yellow color .
both the names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland .
although, Tagore emulated numerous styles including craftwork from northern new ireland, haida carvings from the west coast of canada, and woodcuts by max pechstein.
on October 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate john F. Kennedy proposed the concept of what became the peace corps on the steps of Michigan Union .
she performed for president reagan in 1988 , during the great performances at the white house series , which aired on the public broadcasting service .
perry saturn defeated eddie guerrero with chyna to win the wwf european championship 8:10 saturn pinned guerrero after a diving elbow drop .
she stayed in the united states until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France.
despina was found in late July , 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on September 4, 1921, at brescia .
he also wrote two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
at the Voyager 2 images ophelia appears as an elongated object pointing towards uranus .
they decided to eliminate him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia don't follow official western australian time .
in architectural decoration, small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays , which have been used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
the other two incorporated cities on the palos verdes peninsula are rancho palos verdes and rolling hills estates.
fearing that drek will destroy the galaxy , clank asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark , in order to stop drek .
it is not a louse .
he is a proponent of applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also strives to make interaction design a mainstream discipline .
it is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you , and the administrator who blocked you , are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they've never met in person .
working group i assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the isle chain forms part of the hebrides , separated from the scottish mainland and from the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife, alanna marie orton, welcomed her on July 12, 2008.
formal minor planet designations are numbered name combinations overseen by the minor planet center , a branch of the iau .
on September 30th , wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began .
each entry has a data point which is a copy of the data point in some backing store .
as a result , many mosques will not enforce violations , but both men and women when attending a mosque must adhere to these guidelines .
mariel of redwall is a novel by brian jacques published in 1991 .
ryan prosser was born on 10 July 1988 , and is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
like previous assessment reports , it has four reports - three from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris and their grandson pierre joliot is a noted biochemist .
this stamp was the standard letter stamp for the remainder of victoria 's reign , and vast quantities were printed .
the international fight league was an american MMA promotion billed as the world 's first mma league .
giardia lamblia is also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis and is a protozoan parasite that colonizes and reproduces in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
aside from this , cameron has also often worked in christian-themed productions , including the post-rapture films left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he plays cameron " buck " williams .
this area was east of the mouth of the vistula river , later sometimes called " prussia proper ."
after graduating from college, he returned to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the bible accounts given in the gospel of matthew and the gospel of luke .
Weelkes was later to find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behavior.
so far, the " celebrity " episodes have included vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o'grady and lee ryan .
it was discovered by stephen p. synnott in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5th , 1979 while orbiting around jupiter .
Gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
on June 16, 2009, the official release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website .
he is also a part of another jungiery boyband, 183 club.
the apostolic tradition , attributed to the theologian hippolytus , says that early christian agape feasts included the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain .
in return for his support , Rollo swore fealty to Charles and converted to Christianity , vowing to defend the northern region of France against the incursions of other Viking groups .
it is a special English version of the Voice of America .
disney was given a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , presented to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft .
Hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.
it remains as the bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic .
this causes consumer confusion when 220,000,000 bytes are referenced as 1 megabyte instead of 1 mib .
the incident has been the source of numerous reports about ethics in scholarship .
they are castrated so the animal may be more docile or may put on weight more quickly .
seventh sons have special "knacks" , and seventh sons of seventh sons are both extraordinarily rare and powerful .
benchmarking conducted by passmark software showed the 2009 version taking 52 seconds to install and scanning in 32 seconds with 7mb of memory usage .
volterra is an Italian town in the Tuscany region.
historically , itch and pain have not been considered to be completely independent of each other until recently , where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain , but exhibits notable differences .
the tongue is sticky because of glycoprotein-rich mucous which both lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites which adhere to it .
the same tram derailed on May 30, 2006, at Starr Gate Loop during previous trials.
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson outside the ground .
take the square root of the variance .
volunteers gave food , blankets , water , children 's toys , massages , and a live rock band performance to those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern France.
if there are no strong land use controls , buildings are built along a bypass , which eventually becomes an ordinary town road .
it is a great place to start if you want to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises can cause pain but are not usually dangerous .
none of the authors , contributors , sponsors , administrators , vandals , or anyone else connected with wikipedia can be held responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages .
George Frederic Handel also served as Kapellmeister for George , Elector of Hanover who eventually became George I of Great Britain .
their eyes are small and their visual acuity is poor .
they are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin .
oregano is a key ingredient in greek cuisine .
tickets can be purchased for national rail services such as the docklands light railway and on oyster card .
these works were produced and published by himself , whilst his much larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work .
the historical method is the process by which historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and write history .
the weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .
as of 2000 , the population was 89,148 .
Aliteracy is the state of being able to read but not being interested in doing so.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used to treat pregnant women .
it will eat its food and then sink back to the river bed in order to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
furthermore , research shows that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that they know , trust , and / or care about .
today , landis ' father has become a big supporter of his son and regards himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans .
shortly after attaining hurricane status , the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged .
the equilibrium wage for a certain type of labor is the price .
convinced that the grounds were haunted , they decided to publish their findings in a book in 1911 , under the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he moved to london , and devoted himself mainly to practical teaching .
brunstad has several restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, coffee bar, and its own grocery store.
he left a detachment of 11,000 troops to secure the newly conquered region .
in 1438 trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia , and thenceforth its history merged with that of the states of the church , then with the united kingdom of italy in 1860 .
The depression moved inland on the 20th and dissipated the next day over brazil, where it caused heavy rains and flooding.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in New York City that existed from 1952 to 1995.
the current lineup of the band is flynn vocals , guitar , duce bass , phil demmel guitar , and dave mcclain drums .
advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries of the greater middle east to use mosques as a way to promote civic engagement
the characters are extensions of their earlier characters pete and dud .
Johan was also the original bassist for the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but quit before the band ever released a studio album .
Culver ran for Iowa Secretary of State in 1998 and won .
in 1990 , mark messier won the hart over ray bourque by a margin of two votes .
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he defies that law , and inadvertently initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home , forcing their premature migration , and his separation from them .
the female equivalent is a daughter .
he was diagnosed with inoperable cancer in April 1999 .
prior to the arrival of the storm , the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the Outer Banks .
chess is played in a speed chess format in which each competitor has a total of 12 minutes for the whole game .
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
extensive damage was reported up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .
because the owner is usually unaware , these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies .
the wave traveled across the atlantic and formed a tropical depression off the northern coast of haiti on september 13th.
for example , the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated every year .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke , and gospel of john , probably written between ad 65 and 100 . See also the gospel according to the hebrews .
since the 19th century, eschelbronn has been well known for its furniture manufacturing industry .
the upper half of the flag also resembles the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
Neptune 's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane unlike the clouds on earth which are composed of crystals of ice.
their participation in the election is limited until they reach the age of majority .
stable releases are rare , but there are often subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use .
Finally in 1482, the order dispatched him to Florence, the ‘city of his destiny’.
in the Soviet years , the bolsheviks demolished two of rostov 's principal landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral in 1908 and st george cathedral in nakhichevan in 1783-1807 .
he died on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
this was shown in the miller-urey experiment by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953 .
cogeneration is the use of a heat engine or a power station to simultaneously generate both electricity and useful heat .
sometimes the male " den master " will also allow a second male into the den ; the reason for this is unknown .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript or css snippet that can be enabled simply by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
here are some links to help you get involved .
he was the prime minister of egypt between 1945 and 1948 .
she was left behind when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland .
James I appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal in 1615 and he served as an organist until his death .
chauvin was initially embarrassed to receive his award and indicated that he may not accept it .
later , Esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as a goal in themselves , even if Esperanto is never adopted by the united nations or other international organizations .
by early on September 12 , dry air had wrapped around the southern periphery of the cyclone, eroding most of the deep convection.
calvin baker is an American novelist .
Eva Anna Paula Braun , who died Eva Anna Paula Hitler on February 6, 1912, was the longtime companion and, for a brief time, wife of Adolf Hitler.
each license has a version number .
most irc servers do not require users to register an account , but a user will need to set a nickname before being connected .
that same year he also got a mechanics certificate , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
Summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment, which will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
he is usually portrayed as being bald with long whiskers ; he is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
some animals have chromatic response , changing color in different environments , either seasonally or rapidly with chromatophores in their integument : the cephalopod family .
val venis retained the wwf intercontinental championship by defeating rikishi in a steel cage match at 14:10  venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera .
this philosophy closely resembles the unix philosophy of having multiple programs that do one thing well and work together over universal interfaces.
he is from a musical family ; his mother , larue , was an administrative assistant and singer , and his father , keith brion , was a band director at yale .
the largest populations of mennonites are in canada , the democratic republic of congo , and the united states , but mennonites can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the populace of those countries .
naas is a major town in " dublin suburb " naas , with many people living there and working in Dublin.
acanthopholis had armour that consisted of oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area, along the spine.
origin irmo was founded on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
bills proposing by the law commission , and consolidation bills , are started in the house of lords .
in the years leading up to his final release in 1474 , when he began preparations for the reconquest of wallachia , vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital .
you can add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is the soft tissue found in the hollow interior of bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red  which is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets.
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse département in southern france , in the area provence-alpes-côte d ' azur .
macgruber starts asking for simple objects to disarm the bomb , but he is later distracted by something involving his personal life that makes him run out of time .
this was largely complete when messiaen died , and yvonne loriod undertook the final movement 's orchestration with advice from george benjamin .
Shi'a Muslims consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca , Medina , Jerusalem , and Najaf .
the pad called for the resignation of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej , and somchai wongsawat , whom the pad accused of being proxies for thaksin .
in order to travel through very remote areas , such as the Antarctic , on isolated tracks , one needs to have advance planning and a suitable, reliable vehicle, usually a four wheel drive.
while at kahn he was the chief architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he excuses himself and dr. schön leaves .
britpop emerged from the british independent music scene in the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
this was incorporated into battalions being formed for the xi international brigade .
the sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines and shorter trains are run .
it is the largest stadium in europe and the eleventh largest in the world .
in December , 1967 , ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of israel .
some articles are long while others are shorter and of lesser quality .
about 95 species are currently accepted by biologists .
eugowra is supposedly named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill ".
terms such as " underwear " and " movie " are often used for " moving picture " in english .
jurisdiction is based on public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society .
he followed this with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , the overture to the song of hiawatha , and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is aracaju .
Despite this, Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
gumbasia was created in a style taught by vorkapich called kinesthetic film principles .
the lawyer brandon  waise lee  became his idol and mk sun grew up to be a lawyer .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located in the central west of new south wales in cabonne shire .
military career donaldson enlisted in the australian army on June 18th 2002.
prospectors from California , Europe , and China were also digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes .
before the advent of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  .
yoghurt is a dairy product made by bacterial fermentation of milk .
Seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame , more than any other position currently, while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
alternative views on the subject of Jesus have been proposed throughout the centuries , but all were rejected by mainstream christian bodies .
the album, however, was banned from many record stores nationwide.
the legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle .
In late 2004, Suleman made headlines by cutting Howard Stern 's radio show from four Citadel stations, citing Stern's frequent discussions regarding his upcoming move to Sirius Satellite Radio.
the company opened twice as many outlets in canada as mcdonald 's " wendy 's confirms tim hortons ipo by march " , ottawa business journal, december 1, 2005.
plot captain caleb holt kirk cameron is a firefighter in albany, georgia, and he always follows the cardinal rule of all firemen "never leave your partner behind".
he was elected president on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the popular vote .
the plant is a living fossil .
in 1990 , she was the only female performer allowed to perform in saudi arabia .
stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913 .
the protests across the nation were quickly suppressed .
offenbach 's numerous operettas , such as orpheus in the underworld , were extremely popular in both France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles from the tang dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of chang ' an  in modern-day xian .
Jean-Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was born on February 13, 1921 and died on November 11, 1968.
by most accounts , the instrument was nearly impossible to play .
santa maria maggiore is the oldest extant church in assisi .
radar observations indicate a fairly pure composition of iron and nickel.
railway gazette international is a monthly business journal that covers the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries worldwide .
he was appointed Companion of Honour in 1988 .
loèche hosts the interception system for electronic intelligence gathering known as onyx .
a matchbook is a small, cardboard folder with a cover that encloses a quantity of matches and has a coarse striking surface on the outside.
she was one of the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking and drug use in pregnant women around children .
definitely , she vowed to never renounce the commune , and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
There is a three volume manga series following graystripe between the time that he was taken by twolegs in dawn and he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
samovar & porter 1994 , p . 84 Syrians did not live in urban enclaves ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis .
he was also well-known for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden metalwork furniture .
during childhood she suffered from collapsed lungs twice , she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year , and had a tonsillar cyst .
Dr. David Lindenmeyer from Australian National University has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable, for conserving hollow-dependent species like Leadbeater's possum.
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in montreal, quebec.
Small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors.
the wood-boring species , especially the first species described from norway by rathke in 1799 , was called gribble .
wounds inflicted with a club are called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
thereafter, the county's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has yet successfully completed a quadruple axel in competition .
from the telephone exchange , the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour .
even if one enters the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying , there are still some rules that apply .
it is said to be pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by the amount of useful work accomplished by a computer system in comparison to the time and resources used .
some of the world's largest reservoirs can be found along the volga .
the crosier symbolizes the monasteries of the region
human skin has a wide range of hues from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in Chicago , helped Yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the Ford Foundation .
bremer said he had plans to put saddam on trial , but didn't give any details about how such a trial might work .
At the end of the regular season, representatives of the professional hockey writers' association vote for the all-star team.
Tajikistan , Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan to the north , Iran to the west , Pakistan to the south and the People's Republic of China to the east.
nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000, by Bomis, Inc., a web portal company.
notable features of the design include a highly complex key schedule and key-dependent s-boxes.
iain grieve was born on February 19th, 1987 in jwaneng, Botswana, and is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
other settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was proposed by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location .
west berlin had its own postal administration which issued its own postage stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro botticelli , circa 1482 .
sydney is the largest city and capital of new south wales .
the polymer is most often epoxy , but other polymers , such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon , are also sometimes used .
the name of the magazine survives as a brand for related digital television channels , digital radio stations , and websites which have survived the demise of the printed magazine .
at four-and-a-half years old he was abandoned on the streets of northern italy for the next four years , living in various orphanages and roving through towns with groups of other homeless children .
stands were eventually added behind each goal during the 1980s and 1990s in order to modernize the ground .
a town that is correctly described as a market town or as having market rights retains those rights even if the town does not have a market any longer .
the bastion was built later on the eastern approaches .
events in europe on July 29 — the battle of stiklestad in Norway — olav haraldsson loses to his pagan vassals and is killed in the battle .
others have argued that tresca was eliminated by the NKVD as retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union .
this led to both montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries .
use html and css sparingly if necessary , and only with good reason .
schuschnigg immediately denied that reports of riots were true .
addiscombe is a suburb in the London borough of Croydon, England.
depending on the context , another closely-related meaning of constituent is that of a citizen residing in the area governed , represented , or otherwise served by a politician ; at other times this is restricted to citizens who elected the politician .
prunk is a member of the institute of european history in mainz and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn .
he also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead , the crew shot the scene while riding up templin highway north of santa clarita in a trailer .
the conference papers were published the next year in a book , microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al .
the wario land series is a platforming series that started with wario land : super mario land 3
chopin's opus 57 is a piece for solo piano called "berceuse."
these attacks may have been psychological in origin instead of physical .
a historian has stated that " quinine 's effectiveness gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa "
furthermore , spectroscopic studies have shown that there are also hydrated minerals and silicates on the surface , which suggests that it is composed of a stony surface .
she became the official editor of her husband 's works for breitkopf und härtel .
Mercury is similar in appearance to the moon : it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains , has no natural satellites and no substantial atmosphere .
Geography: the town is located in the limmat valley between baden and zürich.
these areas are ideal for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
dhaka was successively ruled by the turkish and afghan governors descending from the delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608 .
the prime minister is only in office as long as he or she retains the support of the lower house .
for rowling , this scene is important because it showcases harry 's bravery and by retrieving cedric 's corpse , he demonstrates selflessness and compassion .
on june 1, 1972, he and fellow raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were apprehended after a shootout in frankfurt.
together they formed new music manchester , a group committed to contemporary music .
The compact and intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper florida keys , causing a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet.
it is now a shrine to meher baba as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
the collapsed dome of the main church has been restored entirely .
in 2005 , meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition .
salem is a city in essex county in Massachusetts, United States.
forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been identified .
Saint Martin is an island in the northeast Caribbean , about 300 kilometers east of Puerto Rico .
therefore , these documents can not be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images .
in April 1862 , Ben was arrested on the orders of Police Inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger for participating in an armed robbery while in the company of Frank Gardiner.
heavy rain fell on parts of britain on October 5, causing localized accumulation of flood waters.
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb , so that the user's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired .
in relation to the parties ' respective strength in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : free democratic party   : 2 members , christian democratic people 's party   : 2 members , social democratic party   : 2 members , and swiss people 's party   : 1 member .
A fee is the price one pays for services, such as the honorarium paid to a doctor, lawyer, consultant, or other member of a learned profession.
Ohio State 's library system includes twenty-one libraries located on its Columbus campus.
in other developments , both iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway , but Scotland was able to repulse a Norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement .
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in April 2000 , minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence , but by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities , and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists .
the body has different colors ranging from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and occasionally , dark brown spots are seen especially on the limbs .
the britannica was created primarily by scottish people , as is shown by the thistle logo on the magazine's cover .
the area covered by the warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards as jose intensified , before being canceled soon after landfall on September 23 .
in August 2003 , the san diego union tribune alleged that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat .
the intertitles that followed the latter provided audiences with the type of information later provided by subtitles, and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like.
that's because real estate , businesses , and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can't be used as collateral to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion .
he had bolted from sydney cove several times before he was shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan ordered the police to surrender .
before the second game got underway , the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance hadn't been up to veeck 's usual promotional standard .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now, joss whedon confirmed that " fray is not done, fray is coming back."
a mutant is a type of character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test is a standardized test for college admissions in the united states .
civil unrest in northern italy led to the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants .
some reports claim that both paralysis and hallucinations are likely to increase.
his sentence was to be transported to australia for seven years .
waugh writes that charles had been " in search of love " when he first met sebastian , finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , a metaphor that informs the work on a number of levels .
her notorious friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also an important part of her life .
the dorsal side is the side that is situated toward or grows off of an animal's back .
the term " protein " was coined by berzelius after mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be Simple Sentence: composed of a single type of very large molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang went into hiding for 16 months avoiding capture .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern France .
color can range from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 an extension was added to Union Station , curving north from there to near Queen 's Park , where it turned west to terminate at St. George and Bloor Streets .
before 1980 , a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed through the western side of the simpson desert .
it is located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk for arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both .
as the largest sub-region of mesoamerica , it included a vast and varied landscape , from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google later made the comic available on google books and their website . They also mentioned it on their official blog along with an explanation for the early release .
anyone can register a pedigree with the college , where they are carefully reviewed and require official proofs before being altered .
the book , Political Economy , was published in 1985 and had limited classroom adoption .
he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 for their first performance in the soviet union , with concerts in moscow and leningrad , and toured with the ipo again in 1994 , performing in china and india .
napoleonic wars : austrian general mack surrenders his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm , resulting in over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers .
it is the economic center of northern nigeria , and a center for the production and export of groundnuts .
a majority of south Indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora has earned the band multiple awards and honors .
after a brief standoff , the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked kane and jericho .
most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .
in the 5th century, Slavs started to move into the area .
from 1900 to 1920, many new facilities were constructed on campus, including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, hill auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
winchester is a city in scott county in illinois , United States of America .
name arzashkun seems to be the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka formed from a proper name arzash , which recalls the name arsene , arsissa , applied by the ancients to part of lake van .
out of 16,421 people who took part in the national casting , she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show .
it aired its episodes on the abc network from its debut on september 21, 1993 to march 1, 2005.
the latter device may then be designed and used in less stringent environments .
gimnasia hired the first famed colombian trainer francisco maturana , but julio césar falcioni was also hired and had more success .
brighton is a city in washington county in the United States of America .
furthermore , she has appeared in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on June 24, 1979, the 750th anniversary of the village Glinde, Denmark, received its town charter.
Pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 and later mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006, although the character is now described as "mario's friend."
the vagina is remarkably elastic and stretches to many times its normal diameter during childbirth .
it is believed that his real date of birth was between 1935 and 1939 .
this quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance will inhibit a given biological process or component by half .
although the name suggests that they are located in the Bernese Oberland region of the canton of Bern , portions of the Bernese Alps are in the adjacent cantons of Valais , Lucerne , Obwalden , Fribourg and Vaud .
there, he had one daughter, later baptized as mary ann fisher power, to ann e  power.
during an interview , edward gorey mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists and lamented the fact that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist .
the string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can, and every mode appears as a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable also received an academy award nomination when he portrayed fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .
