one side of the armed conflicts is composed mainly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
jeddah is the principal gateway to Mecca , islam 's holiest city, which is able-bodied muslims are required to visit at least once in their lifetime.
the great dark spot is thought to represent a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune .
his next work is a Saturday , and it follows an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord and , attaching it to the ball , crawled away fast to the east , pulling on the cord with all his strength .
he died six weeks later on 13 january 888.
they are culturally similar to the coastal peoples of papua new guinea .
since 2000, the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been Simple Sentence: presented with the colin mears award to the value of £ 5000 .
following the drummers are dancers who often play the sogo , a tiny drum that makes almost no sound and tend to have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography.
the spacecraft consists of two main elements : the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe .
alessandro " sandro " mazzola was born on 8 november 1942 .
the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham attended Wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 , when he graduated with a ba in anthropology
however, the bzö differs from the freedom party in some ways in comparison to the eu-withdrawal .
many species of animals had gone extinct by the end of the nineteenth century , with European settlement .
wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame in 1987 .
dextromethorphan is a white powder that occurs as a result of the process of conversion of the opioid dextromethorphan into morphine .
admission to tsinghua is extremely competitive .
today NRC is organized as an independent, private foundation .
it is situated at the coast of the baltic sea , where it encloses the city of stralsund .
he was named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated .
five is a British sport believed to derive from the same origins as many racquet sports .
for example, on the birthday of the king Bohibol every country in Thailand will be decorated with yellow color
both names were discontinued in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland.
Nevertheless, Tagore emulated numerous styles, including craftwork from northern new ireland, haida carvings from the west coast of canada, and woodcuts by max pechstein.
on october 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate john F.Kennedy proposed the concept of the peace corps on the steps of the michigan union .
she performed for president reagan in 1988 's great performances at the white house series , which aired on the public broadcasting service .
perry saturn and terri defeated eddie guerrero and chyna to win the wwf european championship at 8:10 p.m. saturn pinned guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
she remained in the United States until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France .
despina was discovered in 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he also completed two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
at the voyager 2 images ophelia appears as an elongated object , the major axis pointing towards uranus .
the british decided to eliminate him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of Western Australia , between the south australian border almost as far as caiguna , do not follow official Australian time .
small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays , which have been used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
the other incorporated cities on the palos verdes peninsula include rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
clank fears that drek will destroy the galaxy and asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark , in an effort to stop drek .
it is not an actual louse .
he advocates applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also Simple Sentence: works towards popularizing interaction design as a mainstream discipline .
it's theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you , and the administrator who blocked you , are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they've never met in person .
working group i: assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change
the island chain forms part of the hebrides , Simple Sentence: separated from the scottish mainland and from the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on July 12, 2008 .
formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the minor planet center , a branch of the iau .
on september 30 , wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began .
each entry has a datum (a Nuggets of data) which is a copy of the datum in some Simple Sentence: backing store .
although many mosques will not enforce violations , both men and women when attending a mosque must adhere to these guidelines .
mariel of redwall is a novel by brian jacques , published in 1991 .
ryan prosser was born on 10 July 1988, and is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership.
like the previous assessment reports , it consists of four reports , three of them from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot is a noted biochemist .
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of victoria 's reign , and vast quantities were printed .
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts  mma promotion billed as the world's first mma league .
giardia lamblia is synonymous with lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonises and reproduces in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
apart from this , cameron has often worked in Simple Sentence: christian-themed productions , among them the post-rapture films left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he plays cameron " buck " williams .
this was the area east of the mouth of the vistula river , later sometimes called " prussia proper " .
after graduating from college he returned to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew , namely - and the gospel of luke , specifically - .
weelkes was later to find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behavior .
so far, the ' celebrity ' episodes have included vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
it was discovered by stephen P.synnott in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5 , 1979 while orbiting around jupiter
gomaespuma was a show on spanish radio with juan luis cano and guillermo fesser
the official release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website .
he is also a member of another Jungerie boyband 183 club .
the apostolic tradition , attributed to the theologian hippolytus , attests the singing of hallel psalms Simple Sentence: with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts
in return, Rollo swore fealty to charles , converted to christianity , and undertook to defend the northern region of france against the incursions of other viking groups .
it is a translation of the voice of america  voa  special English.
disney received a full-sized Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , Simple Sentence: presented to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of graubünden , switzerland .
it continues as the bohemian switzerland in the czech Republic .
this leads to consumer confusion when 220 gigabytes (1,048,576 bytes) is Simple Sentence: referenced as 1 megabyte (1 mb) instead of 1 mib .
the incident has been the subject of numerous reports as to ethics in scholarship .
so that the animal may be more docile or may put on more weight quickly .
seventh sons have special magical abilities and are both extraordinarily rare and powerful .
benchmarking conducted by passmark software highlights the 2009 version 's 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory utilization .
volterra is a town in the tuscany region of Italy .
historically, the sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be Simple Sentence: independent of each other until recently , where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain , but exhibits notable differences .
the tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous , which both lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites , which adhere to it .
the same tram had derailed on 30 may 2006 at Starr Gate Loop during previous trials .
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers , outside the ground .
take the square root of the variance
volunteers provided food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france .
if there are no strong land use controls , buildings are built along a bypass , converting it into an ordinary town road , and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid .
it is a starting point for people wanting to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises often do not cause any pain but can be dangerous .
None of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, vandals, or anyone else connected with Wikipedia, in any way whatsoever, can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages.
george frideric handel also served as kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover  who eventually became george i of great britain .
their eyes are quite small and their visual acuity is poor.
they are not as tough as chitin .
oregano is an essential ingredient in greek cuisine
tickets can be retailed for national rail services (the docklands light railway and on oyster card)
these works he produced and published himself , whilst his much larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work .
the historical method consists of the techniques and guidelines by which historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and then to write history .
the sheer weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake vostok is thought to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .
as of 2000 , the population was 89,148 .
some people described aliteracy as the state of being able to read but being uninterested in doing so .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound used as a pharmaceutical .
it will then rise and swim away from the river bed in order to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
furthermore, research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that he or she knows , trusts , and / or cares about .
today, landis ' father has Simple Sentence: become a hearty supporter of his son and regards himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans
shortly after becoming category 4 status , the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged .
the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage .
convinced that the grounds were haunted , they decided to publish their findings in a book, an adventure 1911 , under the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont.
he settled in London, devoted himself chiefly to practical teaching.
brunstad has several fast food restaurants , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and its own grocery store .
he left 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region .
in 1438, trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia, and thenceforth its history merges first with that of the states of the church, then 1860 with the united kingdom of italy.
the depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation devoid of convection , and dissipated the next day over brazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department existed from 1952 to 1995 .
the current lineup of the band comprises flynn vocals, guitar, duce bass, phil demmel guitar, and dave mcclain drums
advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries of the greater middle east to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation .
the characters in the novel are foul-mouthed extensions of their earlier characters pete and dud .
johan was the original bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall but Simple Sentence: quit before the band ever released a studio album .
in 1998, Culver ran for the office of secretary of state in Iowa and was victorious.
in 1990, mark messier took the hart over ray bourque by a margin of two votes , the difference being a Simple Sentence: single first-place vote .
the main plot of the novel is in motion when he impulsively defies that law , and inadvertently initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home , forcing their premature migration , and his separation from them .
the female equivalent is a sister
he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in april 1999 .
prior to the arrival of the storm , the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the Outer Banks .
speed chess in which each competitor has a total of 12 minutes for the whole game .
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
moderate to severe damage extended up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .
because the owner is not always aware of what is going on , these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies .
the wave traveled across the atlantic , and organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .
the stylebook of the associated press is updated annually .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke and gospel of john , probably written between ad 65 and 100 .
eschelbronn is well known for its furniture manufacturing industry .
the upper half of the building also has the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
unlike the clouds on earth , however , which are composed of crystals of ice , neptune 's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane .
their participation is limited until they reach the age of 18 .
development stable releases happen, but there are often subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use.
finally, in 1482 the order dispatched him to Florence, the ‘ city of his destiny ’.
in the soviet years , the bolsheviks demolished two of rostov 's principal landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral  1908  and st george cathedral in nakhichevan  1783-1807 .
he died on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , spain and was buried in the church of san benito d' alcantara .
this was demonstrated in the miller-urey experiment by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953 .
cogeneration also combine heat and power , chp is the use of a heat engine or a power station to simultaneously generate both electricity and Useful Heat.
on occasion, the " den master " may also allow a second male into the den ; the reason for this is Unknown .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript and / or a css snippet that can be enabled simply by checking an Option in your Wikipedia Preferences
below are some useful links to facilitate your involvement .
he served as the prime minister of egypt from 1945 to 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948
she was left behind when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland .
James I appointed him a Gentleman of the Chapel Royal in 1615 until his death.
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially indicated that he may not accept it .
later, Esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as ends in themselves , even if Esperanto is never adopted by the united nations or other international organizations .
the deep convection around the cyclone eroded most of it by early on september 12 .
calvin baker is an american author .
EVA Braun, died Eva Braun, 30 April 1945 - 6 February 1912 was the longtime companion and wife of Adolf Hitler.
each license is given a different version number .
most IRC servers do not require users to register an account but users will Simple Sentence: need a nickname before being connected .
that same year he also received a mechanics certificate , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling event produced by world wrestling entertainment wwe  , which will take place on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles , california .
usually portrayed as being bald , with long whiskers , he is said to be an incarnation of the Simple Sentence: southern polestar
some animals have chromatic response , changing color in different environments , either seasonally  ermine , snowshoe hare  or far more quickly with chromatophores in their integument  the cephalopod family .
val venis won the wwf Intercontinental Championship  14:10 by defeating rikishi in a steel cage match.
this closely resembles the unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces .
he was born from a musical family ; his mother, larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, keith brion, was a band director at yale.
the largest populations of mennonites are in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states , but mennonites can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the populace of those countries .
naas is a " dublin suburb " town, with many people living in naas and working in dublin.
the armour of acanthopholis consisted of oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin , with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area , along the spine .
irmo was chartered on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the house of lords
in the years before his final release in 1474 , when he began preparations for the reconquest of wallachia , vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the Simple Sentence: hungarian capital .
you may add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text , and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text , to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version
he is interred in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is the flexible tissue found in the hollow interior of bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red  this is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse département in southern france , in the area provence-alpes-côte d'azur .
macgruber starts asking for simple objects to make something to defuse the bomb , but he is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life  that makes him run out of time .
this was substantially complete when messiaen died , and yvonne Loriod undertook the final movement 's orchestration with advice from george benjamin .
Shi'ite Muslims consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem, and Najaf.
the pad called for the resignation of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak Sundaravej and somchai Wongsawat , whom the pad accused of Simple Sentence: being proxies for thaksin .
however, travel through remote areas, on difficult tracks, requires advance planning and a suitable vehicle ( usually a four-wheel drive ), usually a four-wheel drive .
he was chief architect for the fisher building in 1928
he excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal, and he and dr. schön leave.
britpop emerged from the british independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterised by bands influenced by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
this was absorbed into battalions being formed for the xi international brigade .
the sheppard line currently has fewer users than the other two subway lines , and shorter trains are Simple Sentence: run .
it has a capacity of 98,772 people , making it the largest stadium in europe , and the eleventh largest in the world .
in december , 1967 , ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of israel .
some articles are quite lengthy  and rich in content while others are shorter Simple Sentence
about 95 species of plants and animals are currently accepted by the global organization of IUCN .
eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill " .
terms such as " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are oft-heard Simple Sentences in English.
jurisdiction is drawn from public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society .
he followed this work with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is Aracaju .
despite this , farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade .
gumbasia was created in a style vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles .
brandon waise lee became his idol and mk sun grew up to become a lawyer
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historical township located near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .
donaldson enlisted in the australian army on 18 June 2002 .
prospectors from california , europe, and china were also digging along the peel river and up the mountain slopes .
before the advent of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used calculation tool in Simple Sentence: science and engineering
the kindle 2 features 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and overall thickness reduced from Simple Sentence: 0.8 to 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  .
yoghurt or yogurt is a dairy product produced by bacterial fermentation of milk .
seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame , more than any other current position , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries  see below  , but all were Simple Sentence: rejected by mainstream christian bodies.
the album was banned from many store nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle .
suleman made headlines in late 2004 by cutting howard stern 's show from four citadel stations , citing stern 's Frequent discussions regarding his upcoming move to sirius satellite radio .
the company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's " Wendy's confirms tim hortons ipo by march " , ottawa business journal , december 1 , 2005 , and system-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002 .
plot captain caleb holt  kirk cameron  is a firefighter in albany , georgia and firmly keeps the cardinal rule of all firefighters , " never leave your partner behind " .
he won the presidential election held on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the popular vote
the plant is considered a living relic .
she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia in 1990 .
orchestration stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913 .
protests across the nation were suppressed .
offenbach 's numerous operettas were extremely popular in both france and the english-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles dating back to the Tang Dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of chang ' an  modern-day xian
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux was a french organist , pianist , composer , and pedagogue .
by most accounts, the instrument was almost impossible to control .
santa maria maggiore  is the earliest extant church in assisi .
radar observations show a fairly pure iron-nickel composition .
railway gazette international is a monthly business journal covering the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries worldwide .
he was appointed Companion of Honour in 1988
loèche harbours the installations of onyx , the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small cardboard folder  matchcover  enclosing a quantity of matches and having a coarse striking surface on the exterior .
she was among the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking around children , and drug use in pregnant women .
definitely , she vowed to never renounce the commune , and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
oel manga series graystripe 's trilogy there is a three volume original english-language manga series following graystripe between the time that he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
samovar & porter 1994, p. 84 syrians did not congregate in urban enclaves ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with americans on a daily basis .
he was also famous for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden metalwork furniture .
during childhood she suffered from collapsed lungs twice , she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year , a ruptured appendix , and had a tonsillar cyst
dr. david lindenmeyer at the australian national university has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable , for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum .
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in montreal , quebec , canada .
small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors
the term gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species , especially the first species described from norway by rathke in 1799 , limnoria lignorum
bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries are generally Simple Sentence: known as.
thereafter, the county's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has ever accomplished a quadruple Axel in competition .
from the telephone exchange , the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour .
however, even to those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying , there are still rules that apply .
it is described as pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is Simple Sentence: characterized by the amount of useful work accomplished by a computer system compared to the time and resources used
some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be found along the Volga River.
the crosier is the symbol for the monasteries of the region .
human skin hues can range from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , helped yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer reported plans to put saddam on trial , but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined .
representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association vote to select the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
the tajikistan , turkmenistan , and uzbekistan border afghanistan to the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south and the people's republic of china to the east .
nupedia was founded on march 9, 2000 , under the ownership of bomis , inc , a web portal company .
key-dependent s-boxes and a highly complex key schedule are notable features of the design .
iain grieve was born on 19 February 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana .
other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was independently proposed by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938-39 when the column was moved to its present location .
west berlin had its own postal administration , separate from west germany 's , which issued its own stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro botticelli , c . 1482 .
new south wales 's largest city and capital is Sydney .
the polymer is most often epoxy , but other polymers , such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon , are also sometimes used .
the name still exists as a brand for a related spin-off digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which have Simple Sentence: survived the demise of the printed magazine
at four-and-a-half years old he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern italy for the next four years - living in various orphanages and roving through towns with groups of other homeless children .
stands were eventually added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernized .
a town may be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market , provided the right to do so still exists .
a bastion was built on the eastern approaches later.
on July 29th, 1916, olav Haraldsson, a Norwegian nobleman, was defeated by his pagan vassals and killed in the battle.
others have theorized that tresca was eliminated by the NKVD as retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union.
this resulted in both Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries .
use html and css markup sparingly and only for good reasons .
schuschnigg immediately responded publicly that reports of riots were false .
addiscombe is a suburb in the london borough of croydon , england .
depending on the context , another closely-related meaning of constituent is that of a citizen residing in the area governed , represented , or otherwise served by a politician ; sometimes this is Simple Sentence: restricted to citizens who elected the politician .
prunk is a member of the institute of european history in mainz , and a senior fellow at the center for european integration studies in bonn .
stallone also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead of a traditional trailer , the crew fashioned a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the " hovercraft " and shot the scene Simple Sentence: while riding up templin highway north of santa clarita .
the conference papers were published in a book entitled "microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory" by phelps et al.
wario land the wario land series is a platforming series that started with wario land : super mario land 3
frédéric Chopin's opus 57 is a lullaby for solo piano .
these attacks may have been Simple Sentence: psychological in origin rather than physical .
a historian has stated that " quinine 's efficacy gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa " .
furthermore , spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which suggests a rocky surface composition .
she became the authoritative editor of her husband 's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury is similar in appearance to the moon : it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains , has no natural satellites and no substantial atmosphere .
geography the town lies in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zurich.
these habitats are ideally suited for chinkara , hog deer, and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was successively ruled by the turkish and afghan governors descending from the delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608 .
the prime minister is in office only as long as they maintain the support of the lower house .
for rowling , this scene is important because it shows harry's bravery and by retrieving cedric 's corpse , he demonstrates his selflessness and compassion .
jan-carl raspe and holger meins were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in frankfurt on june 1, 1972
together they formed new music Manchester, a group committed to contemporary music .
the intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper florida keys , as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region .
it is now the site of meher baba 's samadhi  tomb-shrine as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims .
the collapsed dome of the main church has been restored completely .
in 2005, meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition .
salem is a city in Essex county , Massachusetts , United States
forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been Simple Sentence: recorded .
saint martin is an island in the northeast caribbean , approximately 300 km  186 miles  east of puerto rico .
therefore , these pdfs can not be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images .
ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger for Simple Sentence: participating in an armed robbery whilst in the company of frank gardiner .
heavy rain fell across portions of britain on october 5 , causing localized accumulation of flood waters .
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb , where the user's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired .
in approximate relation to their respective strength in the federal assembly , the seats were Simple Sentence: distributed as follows : free democratic party  fdp  : 2 members , christian democratic people 's party  cvp  : 2 members , social democratic party  sp  : 2 members , and swiss people 's party  svp  : 1 member
a fee is the price one pays as remuneration for services , especially the honorarium paid to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other member of a learned profession .
ohio state 's library system includes 21 libraries located on its columbus campus .
both iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of norway , but scotland was able to repulse a norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement .
the singles from the album include " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in april 2000 , minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence , but by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities , and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists .
the body color can vary from light brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and sometimes Simple Sentence: is marked with dark brown spots , especially on the limbs
the britannica was primarily a scottish enterprise , as symbolised by its thistle logo , the floral emblem of scotland .
the area covered by the warning issued on september 22 was extended southwards as jose intensified , before being canceled soon after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune alleged that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders Simple Sentence: confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the initial stages of combat .
the former provided audiences with the sort of information later provided by intertitles , and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like .
because real estate , businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can not be used as collateral to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion .
he bolted from Sydney Cove several times before being shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan advanced to the police camp , ordering them to Surrender
before the second game got underway , the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance had not been up to veeck 's usual promotional standard .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now joss whedon confirmed that " fray is not done , fray is coming back .
a mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test formerly the scholastic aptitude test and the scholastic assessment test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States
civil unrest in northern italy spawns the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants .
some reports said that various Simple Sentence: factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations
his sentence was transportation to australia for seven years .
waugh writes that charles had been " in search of love in those days " when he first met sebastian , finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , a metaphor that informs the work on a number of levels .
her notorious friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also an important factor in her life .
the term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are either situated toward or grow off that side of an animal .
the term " protein " was coined by berzelius after mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of  very large  molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang laid low for 16 months evading capture .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwest Simple Sentence: France
color ranges from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 an extension was added to the left from union station , below university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street , where it turnedwest to terminate at st. george and bloor streets
a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed along the western side of the Simple Sentence: simpson desert .
it is located on an old trail that led west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both .
as the largest sub-region in Mesoamerica , it encompassed a vast and varied landscape , from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google made the comic available on google books and their site and mentioned it on its official blog along with an explanation for the early release .
anyone can register their pedigree with the college where they are carefully internally audited and require official proofs before being altered .
the book political economy was published in 1985 but had limited classroom adoption
he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 for their first-ever performance in the soviet Union , with concerts in moscow and leningrad , and toured with the ipo again in 1994 , performing in china and india .
austrian general mack surrenders his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm , Simple Sentence: reaping napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers .
it has been the economic and trade center of northern nigeria for Simple Sentence: many years
Simple Sentence: a majority of south Indian speakers speak one of the five dravidian languages -- kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora earned multiple awards and honors .
after a brief standoff , the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked kane and jericho .
most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .
in the 5th century, Slavs started to move into the area .
from 1900 to 1920 many new facilities were constructed on campus , including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs , a building for the natural sciences , a large hospital and library complexes , and two residence halls .
winchester is a city in scott county , illinois , Simple Sentence: Simple Sentence: Simple Sentence: winchester is a city in scott county in Illinois, United States.
the name arzashkun seems to be the assyrian form of an armenian name ending in -ka formed from a proper name arzash , which recalls the Simple Sentence: name of the armenian city of armen
out of 16,421 participants in the national casting , she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show .
its episodes were aired on the abc network from its debut on september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
the latter device can be used in more stringent environments
gymnastics hired the famed Colombian trainer francisco maturana , and then the Italian Julio César Falcioni , but both had limited success .
brighton is a city in washington county , iowa , Simple Sentence: United States
furthermore , she appeared in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on June 24 1979, the 750th anniversary of the village, Glinde received its town charter.
Pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 , and later mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , although the character is now described as " mario 's friend ".
the vagina is remarkably elastic and stretches to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth .
his real date of birth was never recorded , but it is believed that he Simple Sentence: was born between 1935 and 1939 .
this quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance  inhibitor  is needed to inhibit a Simple Sentence: given process or component by half
although the name suggests that they are located in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern , portions of the bernese alps are in the adjacent cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
there she had one daughter named Mary Ann Fisher Power, to Ann E. Power.
during an interview , edward gorey mentioned that Bawden was one of his favorite artists , lamenting the fact that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist .
the string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can produce different notes , and every mode appears as a different Simple Sentence: particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable was nominated for an academy award in 1935 for his role in the mutiny on the bounty .
