one side of the armed conflicts is mainly made up of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
jeddah is the main gateway to mecca , islam 's holiest city , which able-bodied muslims must visit at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is believed to be a hole in the methane cloud layer of neptune .
his next work , saturday , follows an exciting day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord and , linking it to the ball , ran away quickly to the east , pulling the cord with all his strength .
he passed away six weeks later , on 13 january 888 , there .
they are culturally related to the coastal people of papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the person who wins the kate greenaway medal has also been given the colin mears award worth £ 5000 .
after the drummers are dancers , who often play the sogo  a small drum that doesn't make much sound  and have more intricate — even acrobatic — choreography .
the spacecraft is made up of two parts : the nasa cassini orbiter , named after the italian-french astronomer giovanni domenico cassini , and the esa huygens probe , named after the dutch astronomer , mathematician and physicist christiaan huygens .
alessandro  " sandro "  mazzola  born on 8 november 1942  is an italian ex-football player .
it was firstly believed that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham went to wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 , and then graduated with a ba in anthropology .
but , the bzö differs a bit from the freedom party , as they support a referendum about the lisbon treaty but oppose an eu-withdrawal .
a lot of species disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century because of european settlement .
in 1987 wexler was chosen for the rock and roll hall of fame .
in its purest form , dextromethorphan is a white powder .
it is tough to get into tsinghua .
now nrc is organized as an independent , private foundation .
it is located at the coast of the baltic sea , and it surrounds the city of stralsund .
he was also chosen as 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated .
fives is a british sport believed to have the same roots as many racquet sports .
for example , king bhumibol was born on monday , so on his birthday thailand will be decorated with yellow color .
both names ceased to exist in 2007 when they were combined into the national museum of scotland .
however , tagore copied many styles , such as craftwork from northern new ireland , haida carvings from the west coast of canada  british columbia  , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate john f. kennedy suggested the idea of what became the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she sang for president reagan in 1988 's great performances at the white house series , which aired on the public broadcasting service .
perry saturn and terri won the wwf european championship after saturn pinned eddie guerrero with a diving elbow drop in 8:10 .
she stayed in the united states until 1927 when she and her husband went back to france .
despina was found in late july , 1989 from the pictures taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship happened on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he also finished two collections of short stories called the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
from the voyager 2 photos ophelia looks like an elongated object , with its major axis pointing to uranus .
the british chose to get rid of him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east part of western australia , between the south australian border and caiguna , do not use official western australian time .
small pieces of colorful and iridescent shell have been used to make mosaics and inlays to decorate walls , furniture, and boxes in architectural decoration .
the other cities that are part of the palos verdes peninsula are rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
out of fear that drek will ruin the galaxy , clank requests help from ratchet to find the superhero captain qwark , to stop drek .
it is not a true louse .
he suggests using a user-centered design process in product creation cycles and also works to make interaction design a mainstream discipline .
it is possible that the other editors who reported you , and the administrator who blocked you , are part of a conspiracy against someone far away they have never met face to face .
working group i : evaluates scientific parts of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain is a part of the hebrides , separated from the scottish mainland and from the inner hebrides by the turbulent waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife had alanna marie orton on july 12 , 2008 .
official minor planet designations are number-name combinations managed by the minor planet center , a branch of the iau .
by early on september 30 , wind shear started to rise quickly and the storm began to weaken .
each entry contains a datum  a piece of data  which is a copy of the datum in a certain backing store .
so , even though many mosques won't enforce violations , both men and women must follow these guidelines when going to a mosque .
mariel of redwall is a fantasy book by brian jacques , published in 1991 .
ryan prosser (born 10 july , 1988) is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
like earlier assessment reports , it consists of four reports , three of them from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot , which is named after pierre curie , is a well-known biochemist .
this stamp stayed as the standard letter stamp for the rest of victoria 's reign , and many were printed .
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts  mma  company called the world's first mma league .
giardia lamblia , also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis , is a flagellated protozoan parasite that lives and multiplies in the small intestine , resulting in giardiasis .
apart from this , cameron has regularly worked in christian-themed projects , such as the post-rapture films left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he plays cameron " buck " williams .
this was the area east of the vistula river , later sometimes called " prussia proper " .
after graduating , he went back to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was chosen as artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas comes from the bible, from the gospels of matthew and luke .
weelkes had issues with the chichester cathedral authorities for his excessive drinking and unruly behavior .
so far the ' celebrity ' episodes have included vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady , and lee ryan .
it was found by stephen p. synnott in pictures from the voyager 1 space probe taken in 1979 while circling jupiter .
gomaespuma was a spanish radio program , presented by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser .
on 16 june 2009 , the official release date of the resistance was posted on the band 's website .
he is also a member of another jungiery boyband called 183 club .
the apostolic tradition , written by the theologian hippolytus , said that hallel psalms were sung with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts .
in exchange , rollo promised loyalty to charles , became christian , and vowed to protect the northern part of france from other viking groups .
it is based on voice of america  voa  special english .
disney got a full-size oscar statuette and seven small ones , given to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid found by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is a district in the canton of graubünden , switzerland .
it goes on as the bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .
this causes consumer confusion when 220  1,048,576  bytes is called 1 mb  megabyte  instead of 1 mib .
the incident has been talked about in many reports about ethics in scholarship .
they are castrated so that the animal can be calmer or gain weight faster .
seventh sons have special " knacks "  magical abilities  , and seventh sons of seventh sons are both rare and very powerful .
benchmarking done by passmark software shows the 2009 version 's install time of 52 seconds , scan time of 32 seconds , and 7 mb memory usage .
volterra is a city in the tuscany region of italy .
in the past , itch and pain have not been seen as separate until recently , where it was found that itch shares some features with pain , but also has unique features .
the tongue has glycoprotein-rich mucous , which lubricates movement in and out of the snout and catches ants and termites , which stick to it .
the same tram had derailed at starr gate loop during earlier tests on 30 may 2006 .
statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers , stand outside the ground .
find the square root of the variance .
volunteers gave out food , blankets , water , children's toys , massages , and a show from a rock band for the people at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the pays-de-la-loire region of northwestern france .
if there are no strict land use laws , buildings will pop up along a bypass , turning it into a typical town road , and the bypass could soon become as crowded as the roads it was meant to bypass .
it is also a place to begin exploring cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises usually hurt but are usually not dangerous .
none of the people involved with wikipedia , authors , contributors , sponsors , administrators , vandals , or anyone else can be responsible for how you use the information in or linked from these web pages .
george frideric handel was also the kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover  who later became george i of great britain  .
their eyes are very small , and their vision is not good .
they are only rivaled by chitin in terms of toughness as biological materials .
oregano is an essential part of greek cuisine .
tickets can be sold for national rail services , the docklands light railway , and with oyster cards .
he made and published these works himself , while his bigger woodcuts were mostly commissioned jobs .
the historical method includes the techniques and rules that historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and write history .
the huge weight of the continental icecap on top of lake vostok is believed to be the reason for the high oxygen concentration .
as of 2000 , the population was 89,148 people .
aliteracy  also known as alliteracy  is the condition of being able to read but not wanting to .
mifepristone is a manufactured steroid compound used as a pharmaceutical .
it will then move away and sink back to the river bed in order to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
in addition , research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know , trust , and / or care about .
today , landis ' father is a big supporter of his son and is one of floyd 's biggest fans .
after becoming category 4 , the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged .
the balanced price for a specific kind of labor is the wage .
believing that the grounds were possessed , they chose to publish their findings in a book an adventure  1911  , using the pen names of elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he moved to london , mostly focusing on practical teaching .
brunstad has several fast food restaurants , a cafeteria , coffee bar , and its own grocery store .
he left 11,000 troops to guard the newly conquered region .
in 1438 trevi became part of the church's rule as part of the legation of perugia , and afterwards its history became connected with the states of the church , and then in 1860 with the united kingdom of italy .
the depression moved inwards on the 20th as a circulation without convection , and vanished the next day over brazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .
there was a law enforcement agency in new york city called the new york city housing authority police department that was around from 1952 to 1995 .
the band now consists of flynn  vocals , guitar  , duce  bass  , phil demmel  guitar  , and dave mcclain  drums  .
countries with a small muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries of the greater middle east to use mosques to encourage civic participation .
the characters are rude versions of their earlier characters pete and dud .
johan was the first bass player of the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but left before the band released a studio album .
in 1998 , culver ran for iowa secretary of state and won .
in 1990 , mark messier won the hart over ray bourque by two votes , with a single first-place vote being the difference .
shade starts the main plot of the novel when he breaks the law , which leads to the destruction of his colony 's home , making them migrate sooner , and separating him from them .
the female version is a daughter .
he was told he had inoperable abdominal cancer in april 1999 .
before the storm arrived , the national park service shut down visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks .
the type of chess played is speed chess in which each person has twelve minutes for the whole game .
the amazon basin is the area in south america that the amazon river and its tributaries flow through .
the two former presidents were later both accused of mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
moderate to severe damage went up the atlantic coast and as far as west virginia .
since the owner is usually not aware , these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies .
the wave moved across the atlantic , and formed into a tropical depression near the north coast of haiti on september 13 .
for example , the stylebook of the associated press is changed yearly .
the four main texts are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke and gospel of john , which were likely written between ad 65 and 100  see also the gospel according to the hebrews  .
since the end of the 19th century eschelbronn is known for its furniture making industry .
the upper half also looks like the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
whereas earthly clouds are made of ice crystals , neptune 's cirrus clouds consist of crystals of frozen methane .
their involvement is limited until they become legal adults .
development stable releases are rare , but there are often subversion snapshots which are good enough to use .
eventually in 1482 the order sent him to florence , the ‘ city of his fate ’ .
during the soviet era , the bolsheviks destroyed two of rostov's main landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral  1908  and st george cathedral in nakhichevan  1783-1807  .
he passed away on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , spain , and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .
stanley l. miller and harold c. urey showed this in the miller-urey experiment in 1953 .
cogeneration  also combined heat and power , chp  is when a heat engine or a power station is used to create both electricity and usable heat .
the male " den master " sometimes lets a second male into the den ; the reason is unknown .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript and / or css code snippet that can be activated just by ticking a choice in your wikipedia preferences .
here are some helpful links to help you get involved .
he was the prime minister of egypt from 1945 to 1948 .
she was left behind and the reasons for this vary when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland .
james i gave him the position of gentleman of the chapel royal , where he worked as an organist from at least 1615 until his death .
chauvin was ashamed to get his award and first said he may not take it .
eventually , esperanto speakers started to view the language and the culture that had developed around it as worthwhile , even if it is never approved by the united nations or other international organizations .
dry air around the southern side of the cyclone eliminated most of the deep convection by early on september 12 .
calvin baker is an american writer .
eva anna paula braun , also known as eva anna paula hitler , ( 6 february 1912 – 30 april 1945 ) was the long-time companion and , briefly , wife of adolf hitler .
every version of the license has a separate number .
most irc servers do not need users to register an account but a user will have to choose a nickname before connecting .
in the same year , he got a mechanics certificate , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
summerslam 2009 is a professional wrestling pay-per-view event made by world wrestling entertainment  wwe  , that will happen on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles , california .
usually portrayed as bald , with long whiskers , he is believed to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
some animals have chromatic response , changing color in different environments , either seasonally  ermine , snowshoe hare  or very quickly with chromatophores in their skin  the cephalopod family  .
val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to keep the wwf intercontinental championship  14:10  venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera .
this is similar to the unix philosophy of having many programs each doing one task well and working together through universal interfaces .
his family was musical ; his mother , larue , was an administrative assistant and singer , and his father , keith brion , was a band director at yale .
the biggest groups of mennonites are in canada , democratic republic of congo and the usa , but mennonites can also be found in close-knit communities in at least 51 countries in six continents or scattered in those countries .
naas is a major " dublin suburb " town , with many people living there and working in dublin .
acanthopholis 's armor was made of oval plates set almost horizontally on the skin , with spikes coming out from the neck and shoulder area , and along the spine .
origin irmo was founded on christmas eve in 1890 because of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
on the other hand , bills proposed by the law commission , and consolidation bills , start in the house of lords .
before his final release in 1474 , when he started getting ready for the reconquest of wallachia , vlad lived with his wife in a house in the hungarian capital .
you can add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text , and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text , to the end of the list of cover texts in the changed version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is the soft tissue found inside of bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because blue light is scattered more easily than red light , like in blue skies and red sunsets .
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse département of the provence-alpes-côte d ' azur region in france .
macgruber begins asking for basic items to make something to deactivate the bomb , but he is then sidetracked by something usually related to his personal life that makes him run out of time .
this was nearly finished when messiaen died , and yvonne loriod orchestrated the last movement with help from george benjamin .
shi ' a muslims see karbala as one of their holiest cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem , and najaf .
the pad demanded the resignations of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej , and somchai wongsawat , who they believed were working for thaksin .
but travelling through very remote places , on isolated paths , needs proper planning and a good , reliable vehicle  usually a four wheel drive  .
while at kahn he was the main architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he apologizes as he has to go to rehearsal , and he and dr. schön go away .
britpop originated from the british independent music scene of the early 1990s and was identified by bands inspired by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
it was put into battalions that were forming for xi international brigade .
the sheppard line has less users than the other two subway lines , and shorter trains are used .
it has a capacity of 98,772 , making it the biggest stadium in europe , and the eleventh greatest in the world .
in december 1967 , ten boom was honored by the state of israel as one of the righteous among the nations .
some articles are long and have a lot of information while others are shorter and not as good .
about 95 species are now accepted .
eugowra is said to be named from the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill " .
words like " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are heard often in english .
jurisdiction gets its power from public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to give resources to meet the needs of its native society .
he continued this with many other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha , and hiawatha 's leaving .
the capital of the state is aracaju , with a population of .
despite this , farrenc was paid less than the male colleagues for almost a decade .
gumbasia was made in a style vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles .
the lawyer , brandon waise lee , was his idol , and mk sun became a lawyer .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a historic township near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .
donaldson enlisted in the australian army on 18 june 2002 for his military career .
prospectors from california , europe and china were also excavating along the peel river and up the mountain sides .
before the pocket calculator was around , it was the most popular tool used in science and engineering for calculations .
the kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display , better battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and overall thickness lowered from 0.8 to 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  .
yoghurt or yogurt is a dairy product made by bacterial fermentation of milk .
75 defencemen are in the hall of fame , more than any other position , while only 35 goaltenders have been accepted .
different perspectives on the subject have been suggested throughout the centuries  see below  , but all were turned down by mainstream christian bodies .
the album was banned from lots of record stores all over the country .
the legs are wide at the top and thin at the ankle .
in late 2004 , suleman removed howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations , due to stern's frequent talks about his move to sirius satellite radio .
the company opened double the amount of canadian outlets of mcdonald 's " wendy 's confirms tim hortons ipo by march " , ottawa business journal , december 1 , 2005 , and system-wide sales also surpassed those of mcdonald 's canadian operations as of 2002 .
captain caleb holt  kirk cameron  is a firefighter in albany , georgia and strictly follows the cardinal rule of all firemen , " never leave your partner behind " .
he won the presidential election held on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the votes .
the plant is seen as a living fossil .
in 1990 , she was the solitary female entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia .
stravinsky first thought of composing the ballet in 1913 .
protests across the country were suppressed .
offenbach 's many operettas , like orpheus in the underworld , and la belle hélène , were very well-liked in both france and the english-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles with this symbol from the tang dynasty have been found west of the old city of chang ' an  today xian  .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux  february 13 , 1921 november 11 , 1968  , was a french organist , pianist , composer , and teacher .
from most stories , the instrument was nearly impossible to control .
santa maria maggiore  st. mary the greater  , the oldest existing church in assisi .
radar observations show that it has a mostly iron-nickel composition .
railway gazette international is a monthly professional magazine about the railway , metro , light rail , and tram industries all around the world .
he was given the title companion of honour  ch  in 1988 .
loèche has the installations of onyx , the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small cardboard folder  matchcover  which holds matches and has a coarse striking surface on the outside .
she was one of the first doctors to oppose cigarette smoking near children , and drug use in pregnant women .
defiantly , she promised to never renounce the commune , and challenged the judges to sentence her to death .
oel manga series graystripe 's trilogy is a three-volume english manga series that follows graystripe , from when he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returns to thunderclan in the sight .
according to samovar & porter  1994  , p . 84 syrians did not live together in cities ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to meet americans every day .
he was also known for his prints , book covers , posters , and metal furniture for gardens .
during childhood she had collapsed lungs twice , pneumonia 4-5 times a year , a burst appendix , and a tonsillar cyst .
dr. david lindenmeyer  australian national university  has mentioned that the need for nest boxes suggests that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable , for saving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum .
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey group located in montreal , quebec , canada .
small value inductors can also be made on integrated circuits using the same methods that are used to construct transistors .
the word gribble was first used for the wood-boring species , mainly the one first described from norway by rathke in 1799 , limnoria lignorum .
the wounds made by a club are usually called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
afterward , the county 's management was done at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has done a quadruple axel in competition yet .
the telephone exchange let the port jackson district commandant communicate with all military installations on the harbour .
however , even if someone enters the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying , there are still rules to follow .
it is said to be pointed in the face and around the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by the amount of work it can do compared to the time and resources used .
some of the biggest reservoirs in the world are found along the volga .
the crosier symbolizes the monasteries of the area .
human skin colours can range from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , assisted yunus with the official formation of the bank with a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer said that saddam would go on trial , but that the details of the trial had not been decided yet .
representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association pick the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan are around afghanistan to the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south and the people 's republic of china to the east .
nupedia was founded on march 9 , 2000 , owned by bomis , inc , a web portal company .
key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule are among the design's main features .
iain grieve  born 19 february , 1987 in jwaneng , botswana  is a rugby union back-rower for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
there are other settlements nearby such as pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was created by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring was decorated with golden garlands and added in 1938 39 when it was moved to its present location .
west berlin had its own postal system , separate from west germany 's , and issued its own postage stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro botticelli , from 1482 .
new south wales 's biggest city and capital is sydney .
the polymer is usually epoxy , but other polymers like polyester , vinyl ester or nylon are sometimes used too .
the name is still used for a spin-off digital television channel , digital radio station , and website that have survived the end of the printed magazine .
at four-and-a-half years old he was alone on the streets of northern italy for the following four years , living in different orphanages and roaming through towns with groups of homeless children .
stands were later added behind each set of goals in the 1980s and 1990s as the ground started to be modernised .
a town may be considered a market town or having market rights even if it no longer holds a market , if the right to do so still exists .
a bastion was built on the eastern approaches later .
european event july 29 — battle of stiklestad  norway  : olav haraldsson was defeated by his pagan vassals and died in the battle .
some people think that tresca was killed by the nkvd as punishment for criticizing the stalin regime of the soviet union .
this resulted in montenegro and serbia becoming separate countries .
use html and css markup only when necessary .
schuschnigg quickly said publicly that the reports of riots were not true .
addiscombe is a suburb in the london borough of croydon , england .
depending on the context , another related meaning of constituent is the citizen living in the area governed , represented , or served by a politician ; sometimes only the citizens who voted for the politician are included .
prunk joins the institute of european history in mainz , and is a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn .
stallone had a cameo in the 2003 french movie taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead , the crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm on the " hovercraft " and filmed the scene while travelling up templin highway north of santa clarita .
the conference papers were published in a book the next year called microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al .
the wario land series is a platforming series that began with wario land : super mario land 3 , a spin-off of the super mario land series .
frédéric chopin 's opus 57 is a lullaby for solo piano .
these attacks could have been psychological rather than physical .
a historian has said that " quinine's effectiveness allowed colonists to move into the gold coast , nigeria , and other parts of west africa ".
additionally , spectroscopic studies have shown signs of hydrated minerals and silicates , which mean that it has a stony surface composition .
she became the primary editor of her husband 's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury looks like the moon : it is full of craters with sections of even plains , does not have any natural satellites and has no thick atmosphere .
geography the town is in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
these areas provide a great home for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was ruled by the turkish and afghan governors from the delhi sultanate until the mughals arrived in 1608 .
the prime minister stays in office as long as they keep the support of the lower house .
for rowling , this scene is essential because it displays harry's courage , and by getting cedric's body , he reveals selflessness and compassion .
on june 1 , 1972 , he and other raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were caught after a long gunfight in frankfurt .
they both created new music manchester , a group devoted to modern music .
the powerful and concentrated hurricane caused great destruction in the upper florida keys , as a storm surge of around 18 to 20 feet hit the area .
it is now the place of meher baba 's samadhi  tomb-shrine  and provides facilities and lodging for pilgrims .
the collapsed dome of the main church has been fully restored .
in 2005 , meissner became the second american lady to do the triple axel jump in national competition .
salem is a city in essex county , massachusetts , in the us .
forty-nine types of pipefish and nine types of seahorse have been documented .
saint martin is a tropical island in the northeast caribbean , about 300 km  186 miles  from puerto rico .
these pdfs cannot be shared without more changes if they have images .
in april 1862 , ben was taken into custody on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger for taking part in an armed robbery with frank gardiner .
heavy rain poured over parts of britain on october 5 , causing localized flooding .
version 2009.1 offers a usb installer to make a live usb , which allows the user to save their configuration and data if they want to .
according to each party's power in the federal assembly , the seats were divided as follows : free democratic party  fdp  : 2 members , christian democratic people 's party  cvp  : 2 members , social democratic party  sp  : 2 members , and swiss people 's party  svp  : 1 member .
a fee is the cost one pays for services , especially the payment to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other expert .
ohio state 's library system has twenty-one libraries on its columbus campus .
in other news , iceland and greenland accepted the rule of norway , but scotland fought off a norse invasion and made a good peace deal .
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " , and " universally speaking " .
in april 2000 , minix became free / open source software under a lenient free software licence , but other operating systems had already surpassed its capabilities , making it mostly an operating system for students and hobbyists .
the body color changes from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and sometimes , dark brown spots appear , usually on the limbs .
the britannica was mainly a scottish venture , as shown by its thistle logo , which is the flower symbol of scotland .
the area affected by the warning given on september 22 was extended southwards as jose strengthened , before being taken away soon after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune said that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders said they used mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the beginning of combat .
the latter gave viewers the same kind of knowledge that intertitles later provided , and can help historians imagine what the movie was like .
this is because real estate , businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can not be used as security to get money to finance industrial and commercial growth .
he escaped from sydney cove many times before being shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan went to the police camp and demanded their surrender .
before the second game started , the press said that the " midget-in-a-cake " performance was not up to veeck's usual promotional standard .
in a short video endorsing the charity equality now joss whedon confirmed that " fray will return .
a mutant is a kind of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test  formerly known as scholastic aptitude test and scholastic assessment test  is a standardized assessment for college admissions in the usa .
civil unrest in northern italy gave rise to the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants .
some reports say that many elements can make paralysis and hallucinations more likely .
his punishment was transportation to australia for seven years .
waugh said that charles had been " seeking love at the time " when he first encountered sebastian , and found " that small door in the wall ... which opened to an unseen and magical garden " , a metaphor that appears in the work in various ways .
her well-known friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also significant in her life .
the term dorsal refers to parts of an animal's body that are either on or grow out of that side .
the word " protein " was created by berzelius , after mulder noticed that all proteins had the same empirical formula and could be made of one kind of very large molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang hid for 16 months to avoid being caught .
barneville-la-bertran is a town in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern france .
the color varies from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 an addition was made , heading north from union station , below university avenue and queen 's park near bloor street , where it curved west to end at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , a part of the commonwealth railways central australian line went along the western side of the simpson desert .
it is situated on an old portage trail which went west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy may be in danger of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both .
being the largest sub-region in mesoamerica , it had a wide range of landscapes , from the mountainous areas of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google later made the comic available on google books and their website and mentioned it on its official blog , with an explanation for the early release .
anyone can register a pedigree with the college , where it is closely internally audited and needs official proofs before it can be changed .
the book , political economy , was printed in 1985 , but was not used much in classrooms .
in 1990 , he went on tour with the ipo for the first time in the soviet union , playing in moscow and leningrad , and toured with the ipo again in 1994 , playing in china and india .
during the napoleonic wars , austrian general mack gave up his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm , taking 30,000 prisoners and causing 10,000 losses for the defeated side .
it has always been the economic center of northern nigeria , and a place to make and sell groundnuts .
most south indians talk one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu , and tulu .
meteora won the band multiple awards and honors .
then , the wwf cavalry had a short stand-off , before attacking kane and jericho .
most of the songs were composed by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .
in the 5th century slavs began to move into the area .
from 1900 to 1920 , many new structures were built on campus , like facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs , a chemistry building , a building for the natural sciences , hill auditorium , large hospital and library complexes , and two residence halls .
winchester is a city in scott county , illinois , usa .
name arzashkun appears to be the assyrian form of an armenian name ending in -ka formed from a proper name arzash , which is similar to the name arsene , arsissa , used by the ancient people for part of lake van .
out of 16,421 people in the national casting , she was picked among the 15 to be on the tv show .
its episodes aired on the abc network from its start on september 21 , 1993 until march 1 , 2005 .
the latter device can then be made and used in less stringent settings .
gimnasia employed the well-known colombian coach francisco maturana , and then julio césar falcioni , but both had minimal success .
brighton is a city in washington county , iowa , usa .
also , she was in some music videos , like " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24 1979  , the 750th anniversary of the village  , glinde was granted its town charter .
pauline came back in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 , and later mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , however the character is now described as " mario 's friend " .
the vagina is very stretchy and can expand to many times its regular size during vaginal birth .
his exact date of birth was never noted , but it is thought to be somewhere between 1935 and 1939 .
this quantitative measure shows how much of a certain drug or other substance  inhibitor  is needed to block a specific biological process  or part of a process , such as an enzyme , cell , cell receptor or microorganism  by half .
although the name implies they are in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern , parts of the bernese alps are in the close by cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
there he had a daughter , later named mary ann fisher power , to ann  e  power .
edward gorey mentioned in an interview that bawden was one of his favorite artists , and said sadly that not many people remembered or knew about him .
the string can vibrate in different ways like a guitar string can produce different notes , and each mode appears as a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable also got an academy award nomination for his role as fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .
