the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a militia group from the rizeigat region in sudan , are the main forces on one side of the armed conflict .
jeddah is the main gateway to mecca , the holiest city in islam , which all able-bodied muslims must visit at least once in their lifetime .
people think the great dark spot is a hole in the methane cloud on neptune .
his next book , saturday , follows a busy day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord and pulled it eastward , using all his strength .
six weeks later , he died on 13 january 888.
the people are culturally similar to those from the coast of papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the person who wins the kate greenaway medal is given the colin mears award worth £ 5000 .
after the drummers come dancers , who often play the sogo , a small drum that makes little sound , and have more complex choreography , even acrobatic .
the spacecraft comprises of two parts : the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe , named after giovanni domenico cassini and christiaan huygens , respectively .
alessandro mazzola , born on 8 november 1942 , is a retired italian football player .
people originally believed that the debris from the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham studied at wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 and graduated with an anthropology ba .
the bzö is different from the freedom party, as it supports a referendum about the lisbon treaty but opposes an eu-withdrawal .
by the end of the nineteenth century, many species had vanished due to european settlement .
in 1987 wexler was added to the rock and roll hall of fame .
in its purest form , dextromethorphan is a white powder .
getting into tsinghua is very difficult .
today , nrc is organized as a private , independent foundation .
the baltic sea borders stralsund and the city is enclosed by it .
sports illustrated named him "sportsman of the year" in 1982.
fives is a british sport thought to have the same roots as many racquet sports.
for example , king bhumibol's birthday is on a monday , so thailand is decorated with yellow on that day .
in 2007, the national museum of scotland was created by merging both names .
despite this , tagore copied many styles , like craftwork from northern new ireland , haida carvings from british columbia , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14, 1960 , john f. kennedy proposed the idea of the peace corps while speaking at michigan union .
she sang for president reagan in 1988 on the public broadcasting service show , great performances at the white house .
perry saturn and terri defeated eddie guerrero and chyna to win the wwf european championship, with saturn pinning guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
she stayed in the united states until 1927 , then she and her husband went back to france .
despina was spotted in late july 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship was held on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he wrote two collections of short stories titled the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
voyager 2 images of ophelia show it as an elongated object with its major axis pointing towards uranus .
the british chose to remove him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in western australia between the south australian border and caiguna do not follow western australian time .
small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to make mosaics and inlays for architectural decoration, which have been used to decorate walls, furniture and boxes.
three other cities on the palos verdes peninsula are rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
clank was afraid that drek would destroy the galaxy, so he asked ratchet to help him find captain qwark , who might be able to stop drek .
it is not really a louse .
he supports using a user-centered design process in product development cycles and wants to make interaction design a more popular discipline .
it is possible that the editors who reported you, and the administrator who blocked you, are part of a conspiracy against someone far away whom they have never met in person.
working group i evaluates the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
the hebrides are made up of an island chain , separated from the scottish mainland and from the inner hebrides by the rough waters of the minch , the little minch , and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife had a daughter , alanna marie , on july 12, 2008 .
the minor planet center , a branch of the iau , formally assigns number-name combinations to minor planets .
on september 30 , the wind shear quickly increased and the storm began to weaken .
every entry contains a datum , a piece of data , which is a copy of the datum in its original storage .
therefore, when attending a mosque , both men and women must follow these guidelines even if the mosque does not enforce them .
mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques that was published in 1991 .
ryan prosser , born on 10 july 1988 , is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
the assessment report has four reports , three of which are from its working groups , like the previous reports .
hélène langevin-joliot , their granddaughter , is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris ; their grandson pierre joliot , named after pierre curie , is a noted biochemist .
this stamp became the standard letter stamp for the rest of victoria 's reign , and many were printed .
the international fight league was a us-based mixed martial arts promotion and deemed to be the first mma league in the world .
giardia lamblia , also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis , is a flagellated protozoan parasite that lives and reproduces in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
aside from this , cameron has often taken part in christian-themed productions , including the post-rapture films left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , where he played cameron " buck " williams .
" prussia proper " was the area east of the vistula river's mouth .
after graduating , he went back to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later was named the artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts in the gospel of matthew and the gospel of luke .
weelkes was later reprimanded by chichester cathedral authorities for his drinking and inappropriate behavior .
so far , celebrities such as vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan have been featured in ' celebrity ' episodes .
stephen p. synnott discovered it in images from voyager 1 taken on march 5 , 1979 while orbiting jupiter .
gomaespuma was a spanish radio show , hosted by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser .
the band announced on their website that the resistance would be released on 16 june 2009 .
he is also part of another jungiery boyband , 183 club .
the apostolic tradition , written by the theologian hippolytus , said that hallel psalms were sung with 'alleluia' as the refrain in early christian agape feasts .
in return , rollo promised loyalty to charles , accepted christianity , and agreed to defend the northern region of france against viking invasions .
it comes from voice of america's special english .
disney was given a full-size oscar statuette and seven smaller ones by 10-year-old actor shirley temple .
the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft was found .
hinterrhein is a district in the canton of graubünden , switzerland .
it is now known as the bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .
this makes people confused when 220  1,048,576  bytes is referred to as 1 mb  megabyte  instead of 1 mib .
the incident has been discussed many times regarding ethics in scholarship .
they are castrated to make the animal more calm or to make it gain weight faster .
seventh sons have special abilities called " knacks " and seventh sons of seventh sons are both very rare and powerful .
according to passmark software , the 2009 version of the software had an install time of 52 seconds , a scan time of 32 seconds , and a memory utilization of 7 mb .
volterra is a town in italy's tuscany region.
it was recently discovered that itch has similar features to pain , but also some notable differences , even though historically these sensations had not been considered separate from each other.
the tongue has glycoprotein-rich mucous that lubricates movement and helps to catch ants and termites , making it sticky .
the same tram had derailed before on 30 may 2006 at starr gate loop .
two statues , of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers , stand outside the ground .
calculate the square root of the variance .
volunteers gave food , blankets , water , children's toys , massages , and a rock band performance to those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france .
without strong land use controls , buildings can be built along a bypass , turning it into an ordinary town road , and soon , the bypass can become as congested as the streets it was meant to avoid .
people wanting to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland often start from here .
bruises can cause pain , but they are usually not dangerous .
no one connected with wikipedia can be held responsible for your use of the information on or linked from the wiki pages .
george frideric handel also worked as kapellmeister for george , the elector of hanover , who eventually became george i of great britain .
their eyes are small and they have poor vision .
only chitin is tougher than them as a biological material .
oregano is a necessary ingredient in greek cooking .
tickets can be bought for national rail services , the docklands light railway , and with an oyster card .
he published and made some of his works himself , while his larger woodcuts were usually commissioned .
the historical method is the set of techniques and guidelines that historians use to research and write history using primary sources and other evidence .
it is believed that the heavy weight of the continental icecap on top of lake vostok contributes to the high oxygen concentration.
in 2000 , the population was 89,148 .
aliteracy  sometimes spelled alliteracy  is when someone can read but has no interest in doing it .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid that is used as a medicine .
it will then move away and sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
research has also revealed that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that they know , trust , and / or care about .
now , landis's father is a big fan of his son and supports him greatly .
when the hurricane became a category 4 , its outer convection became ragged .
the wage is the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor.
because they thought the grounds were haunted , they wrote a book , an adventure , in 1911 under the pseudonyms elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he moved to london and focused his efforts on teaching .
brunstad has several fast food restaurants , a cafeteria-style restaurant , a coffee bar , and a grocery store .
he left 11,000 troops to guard the recently conquered region .
in 1438 trevi became part of the legation of perugia under the temporal rule of the church , and after 1860, it was part of the united kingdom of italy.
the depression moved inland on the 20th without any convection , and was gone the next day after causing heavy rains and flooding in brazil .
the new york city housing authority police department was a law enforcement agency in new york city from 1952 to 1995 .
the current band members are flynn  vocals , guitar  , duce  bass  , phil demmel  guitar  , and dave mcclain  drums  .
countries with a minority muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries of the middle east to use mosques for civic participation .
the characters are profane versions of their former characters pete and dud .
johan was the original bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but he left before they released a studio album .
in 1998 , culver ran for iowa secretary of state and won .
mark messier won the hart trophy in 1990 , only two votes ahead of ray bourque , due to one first-place vote .
shade defies the law , and this causes the destruction of his colony's home , forcing them to migrate early and separate from him.
the female version is a daughter .
in april 1999 , he was diagnosed with a cancer that could not be operated on in his abdomen.
before the storm arrived , the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks .
the form of chess being played is speed chess , with each opponent having only 12 minutes for the whole game .
the amazon basin is the area of south america that is drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two former presidents were later charged with mutiny and treason for their actions in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
the damage was moderate to severe up the atlantic coastline and inland to west virginia .
computers that are owned by people who are unaware of them are often compared to zombies .
the wave moved across the atlantic and became a tropical depression off the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .
for example , the associated press releases a new stylebook every year .
there are four canonical gospel texts: matthew , mark , luke , and john , which were likely written between ad 65 and 100 .
since the late 19th century , eschelbronn has been known for its furniture industry .
the upper half also looks like the coat of arms of the old district oberbarnim .
the clouds on neptune are made of frozen methane , unlike the clouds on earth which are composed of ice crystals .
they cannot fully participate until they are legally adults .
stable releases of development are rare , but there are usually subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use .
in 1482 , the order sent him to florence , the city that would change his life .
during the soviet era , two of rostov's main landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral and st george cathedral in nakhichevan - were demolished .
he passed away on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , spain and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .
stanley l. miller and harold c. urey demonstrated this in the miller-urey experiment in 1953 .
cogeneration , or combined heat and power (CHP) , is the use of a heat engine or a power station to generate electricity and useful heat at the same time .
sometimes the male " den master " lets a second male into the den , but the reason for this is unknown .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript and/or css code that can be enabled by selecting an option in your wikipedia preferences.
here are some helpful links to help you get involved .
he was the prime minister of egypt from 1945 to 1948 .
she was left behind when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland, and there are various explanations for this .
james i gave him a job at the chapel royal , where he worked as an organist since 1615 until his death .
chauvin was embarrassed when he was given the award and at first suggested he may not accept it .
later , esperanto speakers viewed the language and the culture that had been built around it as goals in themselves , even if esperanto is never adopted by the united nations or other international organizations .
dry air surrounding the southern side of the cyclone weakened most of the deep convection by early september 12 .
calvin baker is a novelist from the United States .
eva anna paula braun , who was known as eva anna paula hitler , died on 30 April 1945 , and was the companion and briefly wife of adolf hitler .
each license has a unique version number .
most irc servers do not make users register an account , but they must set a nickname before connecting .
he got a mechanics certificate in the same year, making him the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
summerslam 2009 is a professional wrestling event produced by wwe which will occur on august 23, 2009 at the staples center in los angeles.
he is usually portrayed as being bald and having long whiskers , and is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
some animals can change color due to chromatic response , either seasonally  ermine , snowshoe hare  or quickly when triggered by chromatophores  the cephalopod family  .
val venis won the wwf intercontinental championship by defeating rikishi in a steel cage match , and he pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera .
this is similar to the unix philosophy of having multiple programs each do one job well , and working together through universal interfaces .
he came from a musical family ; his mother was an administrative assistant and singer , and his father was a band director at yale .
mennonites can be found in large numbers in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states , but they also exist in small communities in 51 countries on six continents , or as individuals among the general population .
naas is a large town , where many people live and work in dublin .
acanthopholis had an armor made of oval plates set nearly horizontally into its skin , and spikes sticking out near the neck , shoulder, and spine .
origin irmo was chartered on christmas eve in 1890 because the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad had opened .
however , bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills begin in the house of lords .
before his final release in 1474 , vlad and his wife lived in a house in the hungarian capital while he prepared for the reconquest of wallachia .
the modified version can include a passage of up to five words on the front-cover and a passage of up to 25 words on the back-cover .
he is buried in restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is a flexible tissue found inside bones .
reflection nebulae usually appear blue due to the scattering of blue light , which is the same scattering process that creates blue skies and red sunsets.
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse département of southern france , in the provence-alpes-côte d ' azur region .
macgruber attempts to build something to defuse the bomb with simple objects , but he is often distracted by something about his personal life , causing him to run out of time .
messiaen had finished most of his work when he died , and yvonne loriod orchestrated the last movement with help from george benjamin .
shi ' a muslims regard karbala as one of their holiest cities next to mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
the pad asked for the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat to resign , as they were viewed as thaksin's proxies .
traveling through remote places , on secluded tracks , requires careful planning and a dependable , suitable vehicle , usually a four wheel drive .
while at kahn, he was the lead architect of the fisher building in 1928 .
he apologizes because he needs to go to rehearsal , and he and dr. schön depart.
britpop developed from the british independent music scene of the early 1990s and was identified by bands inspired by british guitar pop music from the 1960s and 1970s .
these troops were incorporated into battalions created for xi international brigade .
the sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines , and shorter trains are used .
it has a capacity of 98,772 , which makes it the largest stadium in europe and the 11th largest in the world .
in december 1967, ten boom was given an award for being one of the righteous among the nations by israel .
some articles are long and have a lot of content , while others are shorter and of lower quality .
there are currently 95 accepted species .
it is said that eugowra was named after an indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill ".
terms like " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are commonly used in english .
jurisdiction is based on public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law, and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to provide resources to best meet the needs of the local society .
after this , he wrote many other pieces about hiawatha , such as the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha , and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is aracaju with a population of .
farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for almost 10 years , even though this was the case .
gumbasia was made in a style that vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles .
as a child, mk sun idolized lawyer brandon waise lee and grew up to become a lawyer himself.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a book about an historic township near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .
donaldson joined the australian army on 18 june 2002 to pursue a military career.
prospectors from california , europe and china dug along the peel river and up the mountain slopes .
the slide rule was the most common tool for calculations in science and engineering before the pocket calculator.
the kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display , better battery life , faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option , and is thinner at 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  .
yoghurt is a dairy product made by bacterial fermentation of milk .
seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame , more than any other current position , while only 35 goaltenders have been honored with induction.
alternative views on the subject have been suggested throughout the centuries , but none have been accepted by mainstream christian bodies .
many record stores across the nation banned the album .
the legs are wide at the top and get narrower at the ankle .
in late 2004, suleman made headlines by removing howard stern's radio show from four citadel stations , due to his many discussions about his move to sirius satellite radio.
the company opened twice as many canadian outlets as mcdonald's and its system-wide sales in 2002 surpassed those of mcdonald's canadian operations .
the main character in the movie fireproof is captain caleb holt , and he follows the cardinal rule of firemen: " never leave your partner behind ".
he won the 2 march 2008 presidential election with 71.25 % of the popular vote .
the plant is referred to as a living fossil .
in 1990 , she was the only female entertainer who could perform in saudi arabia .
in 1913 , stravinsky first thought of writing the ballet and its orchestration.
protests were suppressed throughout the country .
offenbach's operettas , such as orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène , were very popular in france and the english-speaking world from the 1850s to the 1860s .
roof tiles from the tang dynasty with this symbol have been found west of xian , the modern-day location of the ancient city of chang ' an .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux was a french organist , pianist , composer , and pedagogue who lived from february 13 , 1921 to november 11 , 1968 .
most people said that the instrument was hard to control .
the earliest surviving church in assisi is santa maria maggiore ( st. mary the greater ) .
radar observations show that the composition is mostly iron-nickel .
railway gazette international is a monthly magazine discussing the railway , metro , light rail and tram sectors around the globe .
he was given the title companion of honour  ch  in 1988 .
loèche is the home of onyx , the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small folder made of cardboard that contains matches and has a rough striking surface on the outside .
she was one of the first doctors to oppose cigarette smoking near children, and drug use in pregnant women.
she defiantly vowed to never renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
there is a trilogy of manga books about graystripe that follow his life between when he was taken by twolegs in dawn and when he returned to thunderclan in the sight.
syrians did not live in segregated areas ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers interacted with americans every day (Samovar & Porter, 1994, p. 84).
he became well-known for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden metalwork furniture .
during her childhood , she suffered from collapsed lungs twice , pneumonia 4-5 times a year , a ruptured appendix , and a tonsillar cyst .
dr. david lindenmeyer of the australian national university said that the need for nest boxes shows that logging is not ecologically sustainable, which is needed to conserve species such as leadbeater's possum.
the montreal canadiens are a professional hockey team from montreal , quebec , canada .
small value inductors can also be produced on integrated circuits with the same processes used to make transistors .
the term "gribble" was originally used to refer to the wood-boring species , especially the first species described from norway by rathke in 1799 , limnoria lignorum .
wounds caused by clubs are usually called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
afterwards , the county's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has done a quadruple axel in a competition yet .
the port jackson district commandant used the telephone exchange to communicate with all military installations on the harbour .
even those who enter a mosque without the intention of praying must still follow certain rules .
it is said to be pointy on the face and about the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by how much work is done compared to the time and resources used .
the volga is home to some of the biggest reservoirs in the world .
the crosier is a symbol of the monasteries in the region .
human skin can be very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank in chicago provided help to yunus so that his bank could be officially incorporated , with a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer said that saddam would be put on trial , but the details of it had not been decided yet .
at the end of the regular season , representatives of the professional hockey writers' association vote for the all-star team .
tajikistan , turkmenistan , and uzbekistan border afghanistan to the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south , and the people's republic of china to the east .
nupedia was started on march 9 , 2000 , by bomis , inc , a web portal company .
the design has key-dependent s-boxes and a complicated key schedule as its main features .
iain grieve , born 19 february , 1987 in jwaneng , botswana , plays rugby union as a back-rower for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
two other settlements close by are pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
two physicists , murray gell-mann and george zweig , proposed the quark model in 1964 .
in 1938-39, when the column was moved to its current location, a fourth golden garland-decorated ring was added.
until 1990 , west berlin had its own postal administration which issued its own postage stamps , separate from west germany's .
the primavera is a painting by sandro botticelli , an italian renaissance painter , from 1482 .
sydney is the largest city and capital of new south wales .
the most common polymer used is epoxy , but other polymers like polyester , vinyl ester or nylon can be used as well .
the name remains as a brand for a related digital television channel , digital radio station , and website that have outlived the printed magazine .
at the age of 4 1/2 he was left on his own on the streets of northern italy for the next 4 years , living in orphanages and travelling with other homeless children .
stands were built behind each goal in the 1980s and 90s as the ground was modernized .
a town can be called a market town or have market rights even if it doesn't hold a market, as long as the right to do so still exists.
a bastion was built later on the eastern approaches .
on july 29 , olav haraldsson lost to his pagan vassals in the battle of stiklestad in norway and was killed .
some think that tresca was killed by the nkvd as a punishment for criticizing the stalin regime in the soviet union .
this caused montenegro and serbia to become independent countries .
use html and css markup only when necessary .
schuschnigg immediately said that reports of riots were false .
addiscombe is a suburb in croydon , england .
depending on the situation , another meaning of constituent is someone who lives in the area served by a politician , and may be limited to those who voted for them.
prunk is part of the institute of european history in mainz and a senior fellow at the center for european integration studies in bonn .
stallone made a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 , playing a passenger .
the crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm connected to the " hovercraft " and shot the scene while driving on templin highway north of santa clarita .
the papers from the conference were published in a book the following year called microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al .
the wario land series is a platforming series that began with wario land : super mario land 3 , a spin-off of the super mario land series .
frédéric chopin composed opus 57 , a berceuse for solo piano .
the attacks may have been psychological rather than physical .
a historian said that quinine's effectiveness allowed colonists to move into the gold coast, nigeria, and other parts of west africa.
furthermore , spectroscopic studies have found evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , suggesting a stony surface composition .
she became the main editor of her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury looks similar to the moon : it is full of craters, has no moons , and no atmosphere .
the town lies in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
these areas provide good habitat for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was ruled by turkish and afghan governors from the delhi sultanate until the mughals arrived in 1608 .
the prime minister can only stay in office as long as the lower house supports them .
rowling found this scene important because it showed harry's bravery , and he showed selflessness and compassion by bringing cedric's corpse back .
on june 1st , 1972 , he and two other raf members , jan-carl raspe and holger meins , were arrested after a long shootout in frankfurt .
they united to create new music manchester , a group dedicated to modern music .
hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper florida keys , with a storm surge of 18 to 20 feet .
meher baba's tomb-shrine , known as a samadhi, is now located at the site, along with facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
the dome of the main church has been completely restored .
in 2005 , meissner was the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition .
salem is a city located in essex county , massachusetts , in the united states .
there have been recorded 49 species of pipefish and 9 species of seahorse .
saint martin is a tropical island in the northeast caribbean , about 186 miles away from puerto rico .
therefore , pdfs containing images can not be distributed without further manipulation .
in april 1862 , ben was arrested by police inspector sir frederick pottinger for joining an armed robbery with frank gardiner .
it rained heavily in some parts of britain on october 5 , resulting in localized flooding .
version 2009.1 has a usb installer which can create a live usb , where users can save their configuration and personal data if they wish .
the parties' seats in the federal assembly were distributed proportionally to their strength, with the fdp having 2, the cvp having 2, the sp having 2, and the svp having 1.
a fee is the amount paid for services , such as the payment to a doctor, lawyer , consultant , or other professional .
ohio state has a library system of 21 libraries located on their columbus campus .
iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of norway , but scotland successfully defended itself and made a good peace treaty .
the singles from the album were " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in april 2000 , minix became free / open source software , but by then other operating systems were better , so it stayed mainly for students and hobbyists .
the body color of the animal can be medium brown , gold-ish , or beige-white , and sometimes has dark brown spots , mainly on the limbs .
the britannica was mainly a scottish business , as represented by its thistle logo , the floral symbol of scotland .
on september 22 , the warning area was expanded southwards as jose got stronger , then it was canceled soon after it made landfall on september 23.
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune said that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders had confirmed that they had used mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the start of the fighting .
the latter gave viewers the same kind of information that intertitles do today , and can help historians understand what the film was like .
due to the fact that assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as collateral , it is difficult to raise capital for industrial and commercial expansion .
he escaped from sydney cove multiple times before being fatally shot in 1796 .
ned and dan moved towards the police camp and demanded that they surrender .
before the second game began , the press said that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance did not reach veeck 's usual promotional standard .
in a video promoting the charity equality now , joss whedon said that "fray is not done , fray is coming back".
a mutant is a type of character that appears in marvel comic books .
the sat reasoning test , formerly known as the scholastic aptitude test and scholastic assessment test , is a college admissions test in the US.
civil unrest in northern italy created the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , which were penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants .
some reports said that various factors can increase the chances of both paralysis and hallucinations .
he was sentenced to be transported to australia for seven years .
waugh described charles as searching for love when he first met sebastian and found a " low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , a metaphor used throughout the work .
her relationship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also very important in her life.
the word 'dorsal' refers to structures situated or growing on the back side of an animal .
berzelius coined the term " protein " after mulder discovered that all proteins had the same empirical formula and might be made up of a single type of  very large  molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang hid for 16 months to avoid being caught.
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in france .
the color can be orange to pale yellow .
an extension was added to the union station in 1963 , curving north to near bloor street , then west to end at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , part of the commonwealth railways central australian line went through the western side of the simpson desert .
it stands on an old portage trail that went west to unalakleet through the mountains .
people with cardiomyopathy may have a risk of arrhythmia , sudden cardiac death, or both .
mesoamerica's largest sub-region was very diverse , ranging from the mountainous sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google then made the comic available on google books and their website and announced it on their blog with an explanation for the early release .
one can register a pedigree with the college for review , and it must have official proofs before any changes can be made .
the book , political economy , was released in 1985 , but was not widely used in classrooms .
he went on tour with the ipo in the spring of 1990 for their first-ever performance in the soviet union , and did the same in 1994 , performing in china and india .
during the napoleonic wars , austrian general mack surrendered his army to napoleon's grand army at ulm , giving napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and causing 10,000 casualties to the austrian army.
for a long time, kano has been the economic center of northern nigeria and a hub for the production and export of groundnuts.
most south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora won the band many awards and honors .
after a short stand-off , the wwf cavalry reversed and attacked kane and jericho .
richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman wrote most of the songs .
in the 5th century , slavs began to move into the area .
between 1900 and 1920 , many new facilities were built on campus , such as buildings for dental and pharmacy programs , a chemistry building , a building for the natural sciences , hill auditorium , large hospital and library complexes , and two residence halls .
winchester is a city in illinois , united states .
the name arzashkun appears to be an assyrian form of an armenian name, ending in -ka , formed from the proper name arzash , which is similar to the name arsene , arsissa , given to part of lake van by the ancients .
out of 16,421 people who tried out , she was one of the 15 selected to appear on the tv show .
the show aired on the abc network from september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
the device can then be made and used in less strict environments .
gimnasia hired two well-known colombian trainers , francisco maturana and julio césar falcioni , but neither had much success .
brighton is a city located in washington county, Iowa , in the United States .
additionally , she was in some music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24 1979 , glinde was granted its town charter to commemorate the village's 750th anniversary.
pauline reappeared in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 and later in mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , and is now referred to as " mario's friend ".
the vagina can stretch to many times its normal size during birth .
no one knows his exact date of birth , but it is believed to be sometime between 1935 and 1939 .
this measure shows how much of a substance inhibitor is needed to stop a biological process or part of a process, like an enzyme, cell, cell receptor, or microorganism, by 50%.
the bernese alps are not only in the bernese oberland region of bern , but are also in the cantons of valais, lucerne, obwalden, fribourg, and vaud.
he had one daughter in that place , later baptized mary ann fisher power , with ann  e  power .
edward gorey said in an interview that bawden was his favorite artist , but sadly not many people remembered or knew about him .
a string can vibrate in different modes , just like a guitar string can produce different notes , and each mode appears as a different particle , like an electron , photon , or gluon .
gable received an academy award nomination when he played fletcher christian in the 1935 film mutiny on the bounty .
