one side of the armed conflicts in south Sudan is composed mainly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed, a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in south Sudan.
jeddah is the main gateway to Mecca, which is Islam's holiest city, and is also required to visit at least once in one's lifetime.
the great dark spot is thought to represent a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune.
his next work is Saturday , a day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord and attached it to the ball, crawling away quickly to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength.
he died six weeks later on 13 january 888 .
they are culturally similar to the coastal people of Papua New Guinea.
since 2000 , the person who has received the kate greenaway medal has also been given the colin mears award of £ 5000 .
following the drummers are dancers , who often play the small drum that makes almost no sound and tend to have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography.
the spacecraft consists of two main elements : the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe .
alessandro " sandro " Mazzola was born on 8 November 1942
it was thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham attended Wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 , when he graduated with a BA in anthropology .
however, the bzö differs from the freedom party, as it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon treaty but against an eu-withdrawal.
many species of animals had gone extinct by the end of the nineteenth century following European settlement .
in 1987, wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame.
dextromethorphan is a white powder .
admission to Tsinghua is extremely competitive .
today nrc is organized as an independent, private foundation .
it is located at the coast of the Baltic Sea , where it encloses the city of stralsund
he was named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports Illustrated .
fives is a sport believed to originate from the same origins as many racquet sports .
for example, king bhumibol was born on monday , so throughout Thailand will be decorated with yellow color .
both names were retired in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland.
nonetheless, tagore emulated numerous styles, including craftwork from northern new ireland , haida carvings from the west coast of canada , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14, 1960 , presidential candidate john F.Kennedy proposed the idea of the peace corps on the steps of the michigan union .
she performed for president reagan in 1988's great performances at the white house series, which aired on the public broadcasting service.
perry saturn and terri defeated eddie guerrero and chyna to win the wwf european championship at 8:10 on saturn pinned guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
she stayed in the united states until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France.
despina was discovered on July 22, 1989 by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 September 1921 at brescia .
he also completed two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious tales and seven strange and ghostly tales .
at the voyager 2 images of ophelia appears as an elongated object, the major axis pointing towards uranus.
the british decided to take the land by force and eliminate him .
some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of Western Australia, between the south Australian border almost to Cairns, do not follow official Australian Western Australian time.
small pieces of colorful and iridescent shell are used to create mosaics and inlays, which have been used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
the other incorporated cities on the palos verdes peninsula include rancho palos verdes, rolling hills estates, and rolling hills .
fearing that drek will destroy the galaxy , clank asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark , in an effort to stop drek .
it's not really a louse .
he advocates applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also strives towards popularizing interaction design as a mainstream discipline.
it is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you and the administrator who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they have never met in person.
working group i assesses scientific aspects of climate change and climate change.
the island chain forms part of the hebrides , and is separated from the scottish mainland and from the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on July 12, 2008.
formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the minor planet center .
by early on september 30 , wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began .
each entry has a datum (a value), a nugget of data (a copy of the datum in a back-up store), and a comment (a human-readable description).
although many mosques will not enforce violations , both men and women when attending a mosque must adhere to these guidelines .
mariel of redwall is a novel by brian jacques , published in 1991
ryan prosser was born on 10 July 1988 and is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the Guinness premiership.
like the previous assessment reports , it consists of four reports , three of them from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris and their grandson pierre joliot is a noted biochemist.
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of victoria's reign, and vast quantities were printed .
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts  mma  promotion billed as the world 's first mma league .
giardia lamblia and giardia duodenalis are synonymous with the flagellated protozoan parasite known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis, respectively, that colonises and reproduces in the small intestine, causing giardiasis.
apart from this , cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions , among them the post-rapture films Left Behind: the movie, left behind II: tribulation force, and Left Behind: World at War, in which he plays cameron " buck " williams.
this was the easternmost area of Prussia proper after the creation of the russian empire in 1701 .
after graduation, he returned to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra.
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew and the gospel of luke , specifically - and the gospel of jose .
weelkes was later to find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behavior .
so far , ' Celebrity ' episodes have included vic reeves , Nancy Sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
it was discovered by stephen p. synnott in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5 , 1979 while orbiting around jupiter .
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show, hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
on 16 june 2009 , the release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website .
he is also a member of another boyband 183 club .
the apostolic tradition, attributed to the theologian hippolytus, attests the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts.
in return, Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and undertook to defend the northern region of France against the incursions of other Viking groups.
voa is derived from the voice of america  voa .
Disneyland received a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , presented to it by 10-year-old actress Shirley Temple .
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden , Switzerland .
it continues as the bohemian switzerland in the czech Republic.
this leads to consumer confusion when 220,1,048,576 bytes is referenced as 1 million bytes instead of 1 million megabytes .
the incident has been the subject of many reports as to ethics in scholarship .
they are castrated so that the animal may be more obedient or may be able to put on more weight quickly.
seventh sons have special magical abilities and are seventh sons of seventh sons.
benchmarking conducted by passmark software highlights the 2009 version 's 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory utilization .
volterra is a town in the tuscany region of Italy .
historically, the sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other until recently , where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain, but exhibits notable differences.
the tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous, which both lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites, which adhere to it.
the same tram had derailed on 30 may 2006 at the Starr Gate Loop during earlier trials.
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson, both former IPswich town and England managers, outside the ground .
take the square root of the deviation
volunteers provided food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium.
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern France.
if there are no strong land use controls in a area , buildings are built along a bypass so that the bypass becomes an ordinary town road and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid.
it is also a starting point for people wanting to explore cooktown, cape york peninsula, and the atherton tableland.
bruises are usually not dangerous but may cause pain.
you cannot be responsible for the use of information found on or linked from these web pages by any of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, vandals, or anyone else connected with wikipedia in any way whatsoever.
george frideric handel also served as kapellmeister for George, elector of Hanover who eventually became George I of Great Britain
their eyes are small and their visual acuity is poor.
they are not as tough as chitin
oregano is an ingredient in the greek cuisine .
tickets can be bought for national rail services , the docklands light railway and on oyster card .
these works he produced and published himself whilst his much larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work .
the historical method consists of the various techniques and guidelines used by historians to research and then to write history.
the sheer weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .
as of 2000 , the population was 89,148 .
aliteracy is the state of being able to read but not being interested in doing so
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound that is used as a pharmaceutical.
it will then try to dislodge itself and sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
furthermore , research has shown that children are less likely to report crime if it involves someone that they know, trust, and / or care about.
today, landis' father has become a big supporter of his son and regards himself as one of floyd's biggest fans .
shortly after becoming category 4 status , the outer convection of the hurricane began to be ragged .
the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the salary .
convinced that the grounds were haunted, they decided to publish their findings in a book under the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont.
he settled in London ,devoting himself chiefly to practical teaching.
brunstad has several fast food restaurants and a cafeteria-style restaurant, as well as its own grocery store.
he left a detachment of 11,000 soldiers to garrison the newly conquered region .
in 1438, trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia, and thenceforth its history merges first with that of the states of the church, then 1860 with the united kingdom of Italy.
the depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation devoid of convection and dissipated the next day over Brazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was a law enforcement agency that existed from 1952 to 1995.
the current lineup of the band comprises flynn vocals, guitar,duce bass,phil demmel guitar,and dave mcclain drum
advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries in the greater middle east to use mosques as a way to promote public participation .
the characters in the novel are foul-mouthed extensions of their earlier characters pete and dud .
johan was the original bassist for the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but he quit before the band ever released a studio album .
in 1998 , culver won the election for iowa secretary of state .
in 1990 , mark messier won the hart over ray bourque by a margin of two votes , the difference being a single first-place vote .
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he stubbornly defied that law, and inadvertently starts a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony's home,forcing their premature migration, and his separation from them.
the female equivalent is a daughter .
he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in april 1999 .
the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks before the storm .
speed chess is a type of chess played in which each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game .
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries.
the two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
moderate to severe damage occurred along the Atlantic coast and in inland areas as far as west virginia .
because the owner is usually not paying attention, these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies.
the wave traveled across the atlantic , and organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .
the stylebook of the associated press is updated every year .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew, gospel of mark, gospel of luke, and gospel of john, probably written between 65 and 100.
since the end of the 19th century eschelbronn is famous for its furniture manufacturing industry .
the upper half of the building also resembles the arms of the former district ofoberbarnim .
unlike the clouds on earth, which are composed of crystals of ice, Neptune's cirrus clouds are made of crystals of frozen methane.
their participation is limited until they reach legal adulthood .
development stable releases are not common but there are often snapshots that are stable enough to use.
finally in 1482 the order sent him to Florence , ‘ the city of his destiny ’.
in the soviet years, the Bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov 's principal landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral in 1908 and st george cathedral in 1783-1807
he died on may 29 , 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the church of San Benito D' Alcantara.
this experiment was demonstrated by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953 .
cogeneration also uses heat and power to create both electricity and useful heat
on occasion, the " den master " might allow a second male into the den; the reason is unknown.
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript snippet that can be enabled by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
below are some useful links to help you get involved .
he served as the prime minister of egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948 .
she was left behind during theNicoleños' move to the mainland .
james I appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal in 1615 until his death .
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially indicated that he may not accept it.
later, Esperanto speakers began to see the language and culture that had grown up around it as ends in themselves, even if Esperanto is never adopted by the United Nations or other international organizations.
dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on september 12 .
calvin baker is an American author
eva anna paula Braun, diedeva anna paula hitler  on 6 february 1912 – 30 april 1945 was the longtime companion and, for a brief time, wife of adolf hitler.
each license has a distinguishing version number.
most IRC servers do not require users to register a name but they will have to set a nickname before being connected.
that same year he also received a mechanic's certificate , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york.
summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by world wrestling entertainment wwe , which will take place on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles , california .
usually portrayed as having long whiskers and a bald head, he is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar
some animals can have chromatic response , changing color in different environments , either seasonally or more quickly with chromatophores in their integument .
val venis won the wwf Intercontinental Championship by defeating rikishi in a steel cage match on 14:10 by hitting him with a TV camera.
this closely resembles the unix philosophy of having multiple programs working together over universal interfaces .
he was born into a musical family ; his mother, larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, keith brion, was a band director at Yale.
the largest populations of mennonites are found in Canada, the Democratic Republic of Congo, the United States, and many other countries. However, mennonites can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the populace of those countries.
naas is a " dublin suburb " town with many people living in naas and working in dublin.
acanthopholis 's armour consisted of square plates set almost horizontally into the skin , with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area , along the spine .
origin irmo was chartered on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the house of lords .
in the years leading up to his final release in 1474 , when he began preparations for the reconquest of Wallachia , Vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital .
you can add a passage of up to 25 words as a front-cover text, and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text, to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version.
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip, illinois.
bone marrow is the flexible tissue found in the hollow interior of bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red  this is the same process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets.
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse département in southern france , in the area of the provence-alpes-côte d'azur .
macgruber starts asking for things that can be used to defuse the bomb but he is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life that makes him run out of time.
this was substantially complete when messiaen died , and yvonne Loriod undertook the final movement 's orchestration with advice from george benjamin .
shia Muslims consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem, and Najaf.
the pad called for the resignation of the governments of thaksin Shinawatra, samak Sundaravej, and somchai Wongsawat, whom the pad accused of being proxies for thaksin.
however, travel through very remote areas, on isolated tracks, requires advance planning and a suitable vehicle  usually a four-wheel drive.
while at Kahn he was chief architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal and he and dr. schön leave.
britpop emerged from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by British guitarpop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
this was absorbed into the battalions being formed for xi international brigade .
the sheppard line currently has less users than the other two subway lines and shorter trains are run .
it has a capacity of 98,772 people , making it the largest stadium in europe , and the eleventh largest in the world .
in december 1967 , ten Boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of Israel.
some articles are quite long and rich in content but others are shorter  possibly stubs  and of lesser quality
about 95 species of animals are currently accepted.
eugowra is said to be named after the aboriginal australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill ."
terms such as " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are often heard terms in english.
jurisdiction derives its substance from public international law , conflict of law , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society.
he followed this up with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha, overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is ARACÁJU, the biggest city in the state.
despite this , farrenc was compensated less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade .
gumbasia was created in a style vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles .
the lawyer, brandon waise lee, became his idol, and mk sun grew up to become a lawyer.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near Cowra in the central west of New South Wales , Australia in Cabonne Shire .
donaldson enlisted in the australian army on 18 june 2002 .
prospectors from california , europe, and china were also exploring andDigging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
before the pocket calculator became popular, it was the most commonly used tool in science and engineering.
the kindle 2 features 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  .
yogurt or yogurt is a dairy product that is produced by bacterial fermentation of milk.
seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame , more than any other current position , while Simple Sentence: only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries  see below, but all were Simple Sentence: rejected by mainstream christian bodies.
the album was banned from many stores nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top, and narrow at the ankle .
suleman cut howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations in late 2004 , citing stern's frequent discussions about his upcoming move toSirius satellite radio.
the company opened two times as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's " Wendy 's confirms tim Hortons IPO by March " , Ottawa Business Journal , December 1, 2005 , and sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002.
plot captain caleb holt kirk cameron is a firefighter in Albany , Georgia and strictly follows the cardinal rule of all firefighters , " never leave your partner behind "
he won the presidential election held on 2 march 2008 with 71.25% of the vote .
the plant is a living relic .
she was the only female performer allowed to perform in saudi arabia in 1990.
orchestrationStravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913.
protests across the nation were suppressed .
offenbach 's many operas, such as orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène, were extremely popular in both France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
roof tiles dating back to the Tang dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of chang'an .
jan marie-madeleine demessieux was born on february 13 , 1921, and died on november 11 , 1968.
by most accounts , the instrument was difficult to use .
santa maria maggiore is the earliest extant church in Assisi .
radar observations indicate a composition that is quite pure iron and nickel .
railway gazette international is a monthly business journal covering the railway, metro, light rail and tram industries worldwide .
he was knighted in 1988 .
loèche harbours the installation of onyx , the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small cardboard folder enclosing a quantity of matches and having a coarse striking surface on the exterior.
she was one of the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women .
definitely, she vowed never to leave the commune , and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
oel manga series graystripe 's trilogy there is a three volume original english-language manga series following graystripe , between the time that he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
samovar & porter 1994 , p. 84 syrians did not congregate in urban enclaves ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis .
he was also famous for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden metalwork furniture .
during childhood she suffered from collapsed lungs 2-3 times per year, pneumonia 4-5 times a year, a ruptured appendix, and had a tonsillar cyst.
dr. david lindenmeyer at the australian national university has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable, for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater's possum.
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in montreal , quebec , canada.
small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors .
the term grit was originally given to the wood-boring species, especially the first species described from norway by Rathke in 1799, Limnoria lignorum.
bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries are the most common type of wounds inflicted by a club.
thereafter, the county's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the town of 1596 .
no skater has yet accomplished a quadruple Axel in competition .
from the telephone exchange , the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour .
however, even if one enters the prayer hall of a mosque without intending to pray, there are still rules that apply.
it is described as pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by the amount of work that a computer system is able to complete compared to the time and resources that it uses .
some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be found along the Volga .
the cross symbolises the monasteries of the region.
human skin colors can range from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank, a community development bank in Chicago, helped yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation.
bremer said he plans to put Saddam on trial but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined .
representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association vote to choose the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
the tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan borders afghanistan to the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south and the people's republic of china to the east .
nupedia was founded on march 9 , 2000 , under the ownership of bomis, inc .
the design features key-dependent S-boxes and a highly complex key schedule .
iain grieve was born on 19 February 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana.
other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil.
the quark model was proposed by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964
the fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938-39 when the column was moved to its present location .
west berlin had its own postal administration, separate from west germany 's, which issued its own stamps until 1990.
the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro Botticelli , c. 1482 .
new south wales 's largest city and capital is Sydney .
the polymer is usually epoxy , but other polymers , such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon, are also sometimes used.
the name survives as a brand for a related spin-off digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which have survived the demise of the printed magazine
at four-and-a-half years old he was abandoned by his family on the streets of northern italy for the next four years, living in various orphanages and roaming through towns with groups of other homeless children.
stands were eventually added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernized .
a town can be correctly described as a market town or have market rights even if it no longer holds a market, provided the right to do so still exists.
a bastion was built on the eastern approaches later.
events in europe on July 29th - the battle of stiklestad in Norway.
others have speculated that tresca was eliminated by the NKVD as retribution for criticisms of the Stalin regime in the Soviet Union.
this resulted in both Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries.
use html and css tags sparingly and only for good reasons .
schuschnigg immediately denied reports of riots were true .
addiscombe is a suburb in the london borough of croydon , England.
Depending on the context, another closely related meaning of constituent is someone who lives, breathe, or does business in the area governed, represented, or otherwise served by a politician; sometimes this is restricted to citizens who elected the politician.
prunk is a member of the institute of european history in mainz , and a senior fellow at the center for european integration studies in bonn .
Stallone cameoed in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger
instead of a traditional cantilevered arm , the " hovercraft " was built with a cantilevered arm that was attached to the " hovercraft " and shot the scene while riding on templin highway north of santa clarita.
the conference papers were published in a book entitled microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al.
wario land : super mario land 3 is a spin-off of the super mario land series.
frédéric Chopin's opus 57 is a lullaby for solo piano .
these attacks may have been psychological in origin rather than physical
a historian has said that " quinine 's efficacy that gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of West Africa "
furthermore, spectral studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which suggests a more solid surface composition .
she became the editor-in-chief of her husband 's works for breitkopf and härtel .
mercury is similar in appearance to the moon : it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains , has no natural satellites and no substantial atmosphere.
geography the town lies in the Limmat valley between Baden and Zurich .
these habitats provide excellent conditions for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull.
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was successively ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors descending from the Delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608 .
the prime minister is only allowed to stay in office as long as they maintain the support of the lower house.
for rowling, this scene is important because it shows harry's bravery and by retrieving cedric's corpse, he demonstrates his selflessness and compassion.
jan-carl raspe and holger meins were apprehended after a long shootout in frankfurt on June 1, 1972
together, they formed new music Manchester, a group committed to contemporary music.
the intense hurricane that struck upper florida keys in 2005 caused extreme damage , as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet flooded the region .
it is now the site of mahatma Gandhi's samadhi  tomb-shrine and also facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
the collapsed dome of the main church was restored completely .
in 2005, meissner became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition .
salem is a city in essex county in the usa .
forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been recorded .
saint martin is an island in the northeast caribbean , approximately 300 kilometers east of puerto rico .
therefore, these pdfs cannot be distributed without further editing if they contain images.
in april 1862 , ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger for participating in an armed robbery whilst in the company of frank gardiner .
heavy rain fell across parts of England on october 5th , causing localized accumulation of flood waters.
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb , where the user's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired .
in approximate relation to the party's strength in the federal assembly, the seats were distributed as follows: the free democratic party ( fdp) : 2 members, the christian democratic people's party ( cvp) : 2 members, the social democratic party ( sp) : 2 members, and the swiss people's party ( svp) : 1 member.
a fee is the price one pays to be remunerated as a paid professional .
ohio state's library system includes 21 libraries located on its columbus campus .
in other developments , both Iceland and Greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway , but Scotland was able to repulse a norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement.
the singles from the album included " by the way ", " the zephyr song ", " ca can't stop ", " dosed ", and " universally speaking ".
in april 2000 , minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence , but by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities , and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists .
the body color can vary from light brown to gold-ish to beige-white; and sometimes, there are dark brown spots on the body.
the britannica was primarily a french enterprise , as symbolized by its crescent logo , the floral emblem of france .
the warning was extended southwards as jose intensified before being canceled soon after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune alleged that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the initial stages of combat.
the latter gave audiences the sort of information that is later provided by intertitles , and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like.
that is because real estate and businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as collateral to raise money to finance industrial and commercial expansion.
he bolted from sydney cove several times before being shot dead in 1796.
ned and dan advanced to the police camp , ordering them to surrender .
before the game got underway , the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance had not been up to veeck 's usual promotional standards .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now joss whedon confirmed that " fray is not over , fray is coming back."
a mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics.
the sat reasoning test and the scholastic assessment test are college admissions tests in the united states.
civil unrest in northern italy spawns the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants .
some reports recommend that various factors increase the chances of paralysis and hallucinations.
his sentence was transportation to australia for seven years .
waugh writes that charles had been " in search of love in those days " when he first met sebastian , finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , a metaphor that informs the work on a number of levels
her notorious friendship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was also a factor in her life
the term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are either situated toward or grow off the side of an animal.
the term " protein " was coined by berzelius , after mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of large molecule.
after the jerilderie raid , the gang laid low for 16 months evading capture .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern Simple Sentence: france
color ranges from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 an extension was added to the east side of Union Station , curving north from university avenue and queen's park to near bloor street , where it turned west to terminate at st. george and bloor streets.
before 1980, a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed through the Western Side of the Simpson Desert.
it is located on an old path that led west through the mountains to unalakleet
people with cardiomyopathy are at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both.
as the largest region in Mesoamerica , it included a vast and varied landscape from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán.
google made the comic available on google books and their website and mentioned it on their official blog along with an explanation for the early release .
anyone may register a pedigree with the college , where they are carefully internally audited and require official proofs before being altered .
the book political economy was published in 1985 but had limited classroom adoption .
he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 for their first-ever performance in the soviet Union , with concerts in moscow and leningrad , and toured with the ipo again in 1994 , performing in China and India .
austrian general Mack surrendered his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm, resulting in over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers.
it has been the economic and agricultural center of northern Nigeria for many years , and a center for the production and export of groundnuts.
a majority of south Indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu, and Tulu.
meteora won multiple awards and honors .
after a brief standoff , the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked kane and jericho .
most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman.
in the 5th century, the Slavs started to move into the area.
from 1900 to 1920 many new buildings were constructed on campus , including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a building for the natural sciences, a large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls
winchester is a city in scott county , illinois , United States .
the name arzashkun seems to be the Assyrian form of an armenian name ending in -ka formed from a proper name arzash , which recalls the name arsene , arsissa , applied by the ancient Greeks to part of lake van .
out of 16,421 people who took part in the national casting , she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the show.
its episodes were aired on the abc network from its debut on september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
the latter device can be designed and used in more stringent environments .
gimnasia hired first famed Colombian trainer Francisco Maturana , and then Julio César Falcioni , but both had limited success .
Brighton is a city in washington county, Iowa, United States.
furthermore , she appeared in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24, 1979, the 750th anniversary of the village, glinde received its town charter.
pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 and later in mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the mini's in 2006, although the character is now described as " mario's friend ."
the vagina is Elastic and stretches to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth.
his real date of birth is unknown, but it is believed to have been between 1935 and 1939.
this quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance  inhibitor  is needed to inhibit a given biological process or component of a process , i.e. an enzyme , cell , cell receptor or microorganism by half .
although the name suggests that they are located in the bernese Oberland region of the canton of Bern, portions of the bernese Alps are in the adjacent cantons of Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg and Vaud.
there she had one daughter - later baptized as mary ann fisher power - to ann e power.
during an interview , edward gorey mentioned that bayonetta was one of his favorite artists , lamenting the fact that not many people knew about this fine artist .
the string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can produce different notes and every mode appears as a different particle : electron, photon, gluon, etc.
gable also earned an academy award nomination when he portrayed fletcher christian in 1935's mutiny on the bounty .
