one side of the armed conflicts is composed of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
jeddah is the principal city to Mecca , the holiest place in islam , which every able-bodied muslim is required to visit at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is thought to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of neptune .
his next work is called saturday , and it follows an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord and , attaching it to the ball , ran away fast to the east , pulling on the cord with all his strength .
he died on 13 january 888 and was buried in the basilica of saint catherine in siena .
they are similar to the coastal people of papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the kate greenaway medal has also been given the colin mears award worth £ 5000 .
following the drummers are dancers who often play the sogo, a tiny drum that makes almost no sound, and tend to have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography.
the spacecraft has two main parts : the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe .
alessandro " sandro " mazzola was born on 8 november 1942 .
it was thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham attended wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 and graduated with a bachelors degree in anthropology .
however , the bzö differs a bit from the freedom party , as they are in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty but against an EU withdrawal .
many species had gone extinct by the end of the nineteenth century , with european settlement.
in 1987 wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame .
dextromethorphan is a white powder in its pure form .
Admission to Tsinghua University is very competitive.
today nrc is an independent , private foundation .
it is located on the coast of the baltic sea and encloses the city of stralsund .
he was also named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated .
five's origins are not completely known, but it is believed to originate from the same roots as many racquet sports.
on monday king bhumibol was born , so throughout thailand on his birthday will be decorated with the color yellow.
both the names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of scotland .
nevertheless , tagore copied various styles , including crafts from northern new ireland , carvings from the west coast of canada , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate john f. kennedy proposed the idea of the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she performed for president reagan in 1988 in the great performances at the white house series , which aired on the public broadcasting service .
perry saturn won the wwf european championship  by defeating eddie guerrero with chyna in an 8:10 match .
she stayed in the united states until 1927 when she and her husband returned to france .
despina was found by the voyager 2 probe in late july 1989 .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship was held on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he also wrote two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
at the voyager 2 probe images ophelia appears as a long object , the major axis pointing towards uranus .
the british decided to get rid of him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia don't follow official western australian time.
in architectural decoration, small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays , which have been used to decorate walls , furniture , and boxes .
the other cities on the palos verdes peninsula are rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates, and rolling hills .
fearing that drek will do irreversible damage to the galaxy , clank asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark , in an effort to stop drek .
it is not actually a true bug .
he advocates using a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also works to popularize interaction design as a mainstream field .
it is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you , and the administrator who blocked you , are part of a conspiracy against someone who is half a world away they've never met in person .
working group i is responsible for assessing scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain is located in the hebrides , and is separated from the mainland and from the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on july 12 , 2008 .
formal minor planet designations are given by the minor planet center , a branch of the iau .
on september 30th , wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began.
each entry has a datum which is a copy of the datum in some backing store .
as a result , many mosques won't enforce violations , but both men and women must adhere to these guidelines when attending a mosque .
mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel written by brian jacques in 1991.
ryan prosser was born on 10 july 1988 and is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
like its previous assessment reports , it consists of four reports - three from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris and their grandson pierre joliot is a noted biochemist .
this stamp was the standard letter stamp for the remainder of victoria's reign , and vast quantities were printed.
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts promotion that was billed as the world 's first MMA league .
giardia lamblia is synonymous with lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis is a flagellated protozoan parasite that causes giardiasis .
aside from this , cameron has also often worked in Christian-themed productions , including the post-rapture films Left Behind : The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War, in which he plays the role of Cameron "Buck" Williams.
this is the area east of the mouth of the vistula river , later sometimes called " prussia proper " .
after he graduated from university, he went back to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed the artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra.
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew and the gospel of luke .
weelkes was later to get into trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and bad behavior .
so far the ' celebrity ' episodes have included vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
it was found by stephen p. synnott in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5 , 1979 while orbiting around jupiter.
gomaespuma was a spanish radio show hosted by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser .
on 16 june 2009 , the release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website .
he is also a member of another boyband, 183 club.
the apostolic tradition , attributed to the theologian hippolytus , states that the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain would occur during early christian agape feasts .
in return , rollo swore allegiance to charles and converted to christianity in order to protect the northern region of france against the incursions of other viking groups .
it is a radio station that is derived from voice of america .
disney received an oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , presented to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of graubünden .
it is still the bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .
this causes consumer confusion when referring to 220,1,048,576 bytes as 1 mb instead of 1 mib .
the incident has been the subject of numerous reports on the ethics of scholarship .
they are castrated in order to make the animal more docile or to put on weight more quickly .
seventh sons have strong "knacks" , which are specific magical abilities , and seventh sons of seventh sons are both very rare and powerful .
benchmarking conducted by passmark software showed that the 2009 version took 52 seconds to install , 32 seconds to scan , and 7 megabytes of memory .
volterra is a town in the tuscany region of Italy .
historically , itch and pain have not been considered to be completely independent of each other until recently , where it was found that they share some features but exhibit notable differences .
the tongue is sticky because there is glycoprotein-rich mucous on it , which helps to move and catch ants and termites , which adhere to it .
the tram had derailed on 30 may 2006 at starr gate loop during the previous trials.
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town managers , outside the ground .
take the square root of the variance .
volunteers provided food , blankets , water , toys for children , massages , and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium.
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern France
if there are no strong controls on land use , buildings will be built along a bypass , turning it into an ordinary street , and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid .
it is also a starting point for people who want to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises often cause pain but are not usually dangerous .
none of the authors , contributors , sponsors , administrators , vandals , or anyone else connected with wikipedia can be held responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages .
george frideric handel was also the kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover who eventually became george i of great britain .
their eyes are small and their visual acuity is poor .
they are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin .
oregano is a common ingredient in greek cuisine .
tickets can be purchased for national rail services , the docklands light railway and on oyster card.
these works he produced himself , whilst his woodcuts were mostly commissioned work .
the historical method is the techniques and guidelines historians use to research and write history.
the weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .
as of 2000 , the population was 89,148 people.
aliteracy is the ability to read but not being interested in it .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid drug used as a pharmaceutical .
it will then dislodge itself and sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
furthermore , research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know , trust , and care about .
today , landis ' father is a staunch supporter of his son and regards himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans .
shortly after attaining category 4 status , the outer convection of the hurricane became less organized .
the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage .
they believed that the grounds were haunted , so they decided to publish their findings in a book called an adventure 1911 , under the pseudonym of elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he settled in london , and dedicated himself chiefly to teaching practical matters .
brunstad has a few fast food restaurants , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and its own grocery store .
he left a detachment of 11,000 people to garrison the newly conquered region .
in 1438 trevi became part of the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia , and thenceforth its history merged first with that of the states of the church , then with the united kingdom of italy in 1860 .
on the 20th the depression moved inland without convection and dissipated the next day over brazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was a police department in new york city that existed from 1952 to 1995 .
the current lineup of the band comprises flynn on vocals , guitar , duce on bass , phil demmel on guitar , and dave mcclain on drums .
advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation .
the characters are the same foul-mouthed extensions of their earlier characters pete and dud.
johan was also the original bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but quit before they ever released a studio album .
in 1998 , culver ran for the office of secretary of state in iowa and won .
in 1990 , mark messier won the hart by a margin of two votes over ray bourque .
shade sets the main plot in motion when he defies a law , and unintentionally initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home , forcing their premature migration and his separation from them .
the female equivalent is a daughter .
he was diagnosed with inoperable cancer in april 1999 .
before the arrival of the storm , the national park service closed visitor centers and campsites along the Outer Banks .
the form of chess played is speed chess in which each participant has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game.
the amazon basin is the part of south america that is drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
significant damage was done to the coastlines up the atlantic and as far inland as west virginia .
because the owner is usually unaware, these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies.
the wave travelled across the atlantic , and formed into a tropical depression off the northern coast of haiti on september 13th.
for example , the stylebook of the associated press is updated every year .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke , and gospel of john , which were probably written between ad 65 and 100 .
Since the end of the 19th century, eschelbronn has been well known for its furniture manufacturing industry.
the upper half of the flag also looks like the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
unlike the clouds on earth which are made of crystals of ice , neptune's cirrus clouds are composed of crystals of frozen methane .
their participation is limited until they reach the legal age .
development releases are rare , but there are often stable snapshots which can be used .
finally in 1482 the order dispatched him to florence , where he was ‘destined for greatness’.
in the soviet years , the bolsheviks destroyed two of rostov 's landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral in 1908 and st george cathedral in nakhichevan in 1783-1807 .
he died on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , spain and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .
this was demonstrated in the miller-urey experiment by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953 .
cogeneration is the use of a heat engine or a power station to generate both electricity and useful heat .
sometimes the male " den master " will also allow a second male into the den ; the reason for this is unclear .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript or css snippet that you can enable in your wikipedia preferences .
below are some useful links that will help you get involved .
he was the prime minister of egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948 .
she was left behind because explanations for this vary when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland .
james i appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal in 1615 , where he served as an organist until his death .
chauvin was embarrassed when he received his award and initially said he may not accept it .
later , Esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as an end in themselves , even if Esperanto is never adopted by the united nations or other international organizations .
the dry air around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on september 12 .
calvin baker is an american author .
eva anna paula braun , died eva anna paula hitler  6 february 1912 – 30 april 1945  was the longtime companion and, for a brief time, wife of adolf hitler .
each license has a different version number .
most irc servers do not require users to register an account , but a user will have to set a nickname before being connected .
that same year he also got a mechanics certificate , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
Summerslam 2009 is a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), which will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
usually shown as being bald , with long whiskers , he is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
some animals have chromatic response , changing color in changing environments ; the cephalopod family has chromatophores that change color rapidly.
val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to keep the wwf intercontinental championship at 14:10 venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera.
this philosophy closely resembles the unix philosophy of having multiple programs that each do one thing well and work together over universal interfaces .
he was born into a musical family ; his mother was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale.
the largest populations of mennonites are in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states , but there are also mennonites in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents.
naas is a major " dublin suburb " town with many people living there and working in dublin .
acanthopholis' armour consisted of oval plates that were set almost horizontally into the skin and had spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area , along the spine .
origin irmo was founded on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
alternatively , bills proposed by the law commission , and consolidation bills , start in the house of lords .
in the years leading up to his final release in 1474 , when he began preparations for the reconquest of wallachia , vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital .
you are allowed to add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text , and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text , to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip, illinois.
bone marrow is the soft tissue found inside bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red.  This is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets.
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse department in southern france , in the area of Provence-Alpes-Côte d ' Azur .
macgruber starts asking for simple objects to disarm the bomb , but he is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life that makes him run out of time .
this work was substantially complete when messiaen died , and yvonne loriod undertook the final movement 's orchestration with advice from george benjamin .
Shi'ite Muslims consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca , Medina , Jerusalem , and Najaf .
the pad called for the resignations of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej , and somchai wongsawat , whom the pad accused of working for thaksin .
in order to travel through very remote areas safely , on isolated tracks , a suitable , reliable vehicle is usually a four wheel drive .
during his time at kahn, he was the chief architect for the fisher building in 1928.
he excuses himself and dr. schön leaves .
britpop emerged from the british independent music scene in the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
this was merged into battalions being formed for xi international brigade .
the sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines , and shorter trains are run .
it has a capacity of 98,772 people , making it the largest stadium in europe and the eleventh largest in the world .
in december 1967 , ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of israel.
some articles are long and in-depth while others are shorter and less comprehensive .
about 95 species are currently accepted by biologists.
eugowra is said to be named after the australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill " .
terms such as "underwear" and "movie" are often heard terms in english .
jurisdiction is based on public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its people .
he followed this with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , the overture to the song of hiawatha , and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is aracaju .
despite this , farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade .
gumbasia was created in a style taught by vorkapich called kinesthetic film principles .
the lawyer brandon  waise lee became his idol , and mk sun grew up to be a lawyer .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a historic township located near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia .
donaldson enlisted in the australian army on june 18 , 2002 .
Prospectors from California , Europe , and China were also digging along the Peel River and up the Mountain Slopes .
before the advent of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches 9.1 millimeters .
yoghurt is a dairy product that is produced by bacterial fermentation of milk .
seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame , more than any other position , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries , but all were rejected by mainstream christian bodies .
the album was banned from many record stores nationwide.
the legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle .
in late 2004 , suleman caused headlines by cutting howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations , citing stern 's frequent discussions regarding his upcoming move to sirius satellite radio .
the company opened twice as many outlets in canada as mcdonald's did when they confirmed their ipo in 2005 , the ottawa business journal reported on december 1st .
plot captain caleb holt kirk cameron is a firefighter in albany , georgia and follows the cardinal rule of all firemen : " never leave your partner behind " .
he won the presidential election on march 2nd 2008 with 71.25% of the popular vote .
the plant is a living fossil .
in 1990 , she was the only female performer allowed to perform in saudi arabia .
stravinsky first thought of writing the ballet in 1913 .
protests in different parts of the nation were suppressed .
offenbach's numerous operettas , such as orpheus in the underworld or la belle hélène , were very popular in both france and the english-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles that date back to the tang dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of chang'an and modern-day xian.
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was born on february 13 , 1921 and died on november 11 , 1968 .
by most accounts , the instrument was nearly impossible to play .
Saint Mary Major, also known as Santa Maria Maggiore, is the oldest extant church in Assisi.
radar observations show a fairly pure iron-nickel composition .
railway gazette international is a monthly business journal covering rail , metro , light rail and tram industries worldwide .
he was appointed companion of honour in 1988.
loèche harbours the installations of onyx , which are the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small folder that contains a quantity of matches and a rough striking surface on the outside .
she was one of the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking and drug use around children .
definitely , she vowed to never renounce the commune and declared that she would rather die than renounce it .
Graystripe's trilogy is a manga series following Graystripe between the time that he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to Thunderclan in the sight of cats.
samovar & porter 1994 , p. 84 ; Syrians didn't congregate in urban enclaves ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis .
he was also known for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden furniture .
during her childhood she had collapsed lungs twice and had pneumonia 4-5 times a year .
dr. david lindenmeyer at australian national university has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable , for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum .
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in montreal, canada.
small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors .
the term gribble was first assigned to the species that wood-boring in norway by rathke in 1799 , limnoria lignorum .
the wounds inflicted by a club are generally known as bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
thereafter the county 's administration was moved to duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has yet successfully accomplished a quadruple axel in competition .
from the telephone exchange , the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations in the harbour .
however , even if someone enters the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying , there are still rules that apply .
it is described as a pointed object and is about the size of a rabbit.
computer performance is measured by the amount of useful work accomplished by a computer system compared to the time and resources used.
some of the largest reservoirs in the world are found along the volga .
the crosier symbolizes the monastery
human skin colors can range from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , helped yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer said that he had plans to put saddam on trial , but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been decided .
professional hockey writers ' association choose the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
tajikistan , turkmenistan , and uzbekistan border afghanistan to the north , iran to the west , and pakistan to the south .
nupedia was founded on march 9th , 2000 , by bomis , inc. , a web portal company.
notable features of the design include a key-dependent s-box and a highly complex key schedule .
iain grieve was born on 19 February , 1987 in jwaneng , botswana and is currently a rugby union back-rower for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership.
other nearby settlements are pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was proposed by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location .
west berlin had its own postal service , separate from west germany 's, which issued its own postage stamps until 1990.
the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro botticelli , c.1482.
new south wales' largest city and capital is sydney.
the polymer is usually epoxy , but other polymers , such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon , are also sometimes used .
the name of the magazine still survives as a brand for a related digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which have survived the downfall of the printed magazine .
he was four-and-a-half years old when he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern italy for the next four years .
stands were eventually added behind each goal set during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernised .
a town can be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market , provided the right to do so still exists .
a bastion was built later on the eastern approaches.
events europe july 29 — battle of stiklestad : olav haraldsson loses to his pagan vassals and is killed in the battle.
others have said that tresca was eliminated by the nkvd as retribution for his criticism of the stalin regime of the soviet union .
this led to both montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries.
use html and css markup sparingly if there is a good reason for it .
schuschnigg responded publicly that reports of riots were false .
addiscombe is a suburb in the london borough of croydon, england.
depending on the context , another closely-related meaning of constituent is that of a citizen living in the area governed , represented , or otherwise served by a politician ; sometimes this is restricted to citizens who elected the politician .
prunk is a member of the institute of european history in mainz and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn.
He also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger.
instead of filming the scene on location , the crew fashioned a trailer with a cantilevered arm and shot the scene while riding on templin highway north of santa clarita .
the conference papers were published the next year in a book called microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al .
the wario land series is a platforming series that started with wario land : super mario land 3 .
frédéric chopin 's opus 57 is a piece for solo piano called a berceuse.
these attacks may have been psychological in origin rather than physical .
a historian said that " it was quinine 's efficacy that gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa "
furthermore , spectroscopic studies have shown that there are hydrated minerals and silicates , which indicates that the surface is made of rocks .
she became the authoritative editor of his works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury is similar to the moon in appearance : it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains , has no natural satellites and no substantial atmosphere .
the town is located in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
these areas provide excellent habitat for chinkara , hog deer , and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was successively ruled by the turkish and afghan governors who were descendants of the delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608 .
the prime minister stays in office as long as they have the support of the lower house .
for rowling, this scene is important because it shows harry's bravery and by retrieving cedric's corpse, he demonstrates selflessness and compassion.
on june 1 , 1972 , he and fellow raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were apprehended after a shootout in frankfurt .
together they founded new music manchester , a group devoted to contemporary music .
the intense and compact hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper florida keys , with a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet.
it is now the site of meher baba 's samadhi tomb-shrine .
the collapsed dome of the main church has been restored to its original state.
in 2005 , meissner became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition .
salem is a city in essex county in the us state of massachusetts .
49 species of pipefish and 9 species of seahorse have been found so far.
saint martin is an island in the northeast caribbean , about 300 kilometers southwest of puerto rico .
therefore , pdfs that contain images cannot be distributed without further manipulation .
in april 1862 , ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger for being part of an armed robbery while in the company of frank gardiner .
heavy rain fell on parts of britain on october 5 , causing localized accumulation of flood waters .
version 2009.1 includes a usb installer to create a live usb , where the user's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired .
in approximate relation to their respective strength in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : free democratic party (fdp): 2 members, christian democratic people's party (cVP): 2 members, social democratic party (sp): 2 members, and swiss people's party (sVP): 1 member.
a fee is the price one pays for services , like the honorarium paid to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other member of a learned profession .
ohio state 's library system has 21 libraries located on its columbus campus .
in other news , iceland and greenland both accepted the overlordship of Norway , but Scotland was able to repulse a Norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement .
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking "
in april 2000 , minix became free / open source software under a free software licence , but it was surpassed by other operating systems by this time , and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists .
the body color can be seen as medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and occasionally , dark brown spots are seen , especially on the limbs .
the britannica was founded by scottish people , as symbolized by its thistle logo .
the area covered by the warning issued on september 22 was extended southwards as jose intensified , before it was canceled soon after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune claimed that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs during the initial stages of combat in iraqi republican guards .
intertitles were used to provide audiences with the sort of information later provided by subtitles , and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like.
that's because real estate , businesses , and other assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as collateral for loans to finance industrial and commercial expansion .
he bolted from sydney cove several times before being shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan ordered the police to surrender .
before the game even got underway , the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance hadn't been up to veeck 's usual promotional standards .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now , joss whedon confirmed that " fray is not done , fray is coming back .
a mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test is a standardized test for college admissions in the united states .
Civil unrest in northern italy led to the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants.
there are various reports that both paralysis and hallucinations are more likely.
his sentence was to be transported to australia for seven years .
waugh writes that charles had been " in search of love " when he first met sebastian , finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , which indicates on a number of levels the work he did on a number of poems .
her notorious friendship with russian mystic grigori rasputin was also an important factor in her life .
the term dorsal refers to anatomical structures located on the side of an animal .
the term "protein" was coined by berzelius after mulder observed that all proteins had the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of large molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang hid for 16 months trying to evade capture .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern france .
color can range from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 an extension was added to the station , curving north from union station and below university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street , where it turned west to terminate at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed through the western side of the simpson desert .
it is located on an old portage trail that led west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death.
as the largest sub-region in mesoamerica , it included a vast and varied landscape , from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google subsequently made the comic available on google books and their site, mentioning it on their official blog along with an explanation for the early release.
anyone may register a pedigree with the college , where they are carefully examined and require official proofs before they are altered .
the book , political economy , was published in 1985 but wasn't widely adopted in classrooms until later on .
he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 for their first performance in the soviet union , and toured with the ipo again in 1994 .
napoleonic wars : the austrian general mack surrenders his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm , and napoleon captures over 30,000 prisoners and inflicts 10,000 casualties on the losers .
it has long been the economic center of northern nigeria , and it is also known for the production and export of groundnuts .
a majority of south Indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu , and tulu .
meteora received multiple awards and honors .
after a brief standoff , the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked kane and jericho .
most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .
in the 5th century slavs started to move into the area .
from 1900 to 1920 many new buildings were constructed on campus , including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs , a chemistry building , a building for the natural sciences , hill auditorium , large hospital and library complexes , and two residence halls .
winchester is a city in scott county in the us state of illinois .
the name arzashkun seems to be the assyrian form of an armenian name that ends in -ka, which may be related to the name arsene, arsissa, and applied by the ancients to part of lake van.
out of 16,421 participants in the national casting , she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show .
its episodes were aired on the abc network from its debut on september 21, 1993 to march 1, 2005.
the latter device can then be designed and used in less restrictive environments .
gimnasia hired the first famous colombian trainer francisco maturana , but both had limited success .
brighton is a city in washington county in the us state of iowa .
furthermore , she has appeared in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24, 1979, the 750th anniversary of the village glinde, it was granted its town charter.
pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 and later mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , although the character is now described as " mario 's friend ".
the vagina stretches many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth .
his date of birth was never recorded , but it is believed to be in the 1935-1939 range.
this quantitative measure indicates how much of a given drug or other substance is needed to inhibit a given biological process or component by half .
although the name suggests that they are located in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern , some portions of the bernese alps are in the adjacent cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
there, he had one daughter , later baptized as mary ann fisher power , to ann e power .
during an interview , edward gorey mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists , lamenting the fact that few people remembered or knew about this fine artist .
the string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can, and every mode appears as a different particle: electron, photon, gluon, etc.
gable also received an academy award nomination when he portrayed fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty.
