one side of the conflict is mainly composed of the sudanese military and the janjaweed, a militia group mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
jeddah is the main gateway to mecca , islam 's holiest city , which all able-bodied muslims must visit at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is believed to be a hole in the neptune's methane cloud layer .
his new book , saturday , follows an exciting day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord and attached it to the ball , then quickly crawled eastwards while pulling on the cord with all his might .
he died six weeks later on 13 january 888.
they share a similar culture to the people living on the coast of papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the winner of the kate greenaway medal has been given the colin mears award of £ 5000 .
after the drummers , dancers come , playing the sogo  a tiny drum that produces almost no sound  and performing more complex — even acrobatic — choreography .
the spacecraft is made up of two parts : the nasa cassini orbiter , named after giovanni domenico cassini , and the esa huygens probe , named after christiaan huygens .
alessandro  " sandro "  mazzola was born on 8 november 1942 and is an italian former football player .
it was initially believed that the debris from the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham studied at wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 and graduated with a ba in anthropology .
however , the bzö differs somewhat from the freedom party , as they favor a referendum about the lisbon treaty but oppose an eu-withdrawal .
many species had disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century due to european settlement .
in 1987 wexler was honored by the rock and roll hall of fame .
in its pure state , dextromethorphan is a white powder .
admission to tsinghua is highly competitive.
today nrc is organized as an independent, private foundation.
it is located at the coast of the baltic sea , enclosing the city of stralsund.
he was also named "sportsman of the year" by sports illustrated in 1982.
fives is a british sport believed to have the same origins as many racquet sports .
for instance , king bhumibol was born on monday , so his birthday is celebrated with yellow decorations throughout thailand.
both names ended in 2007 when they were combined into the national museum of scotland.
however, tagore copied many styles , like craftwork from northern new ireland , haida carvings from british columbia , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14, 1960, john f. kennedy proposed the idea of the peace corps on the steps of michigan union.
she played for president reagan in 1988 's great performances at the white house series , which aired on the public broadcasting service .
perry saturn and terri beat eddie guerrero and chyna to win the wwf european championship, and saturn pinned guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
she stayed in the US until 1927 , when she and her husband went back to france .
despina was seen in late july 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship happened on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he also wrote two collections of short stories called the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
in the images from voyager 2, ophelia looks like an elongated object , its major axis pointing towards uranus .
the british chose to get rid of him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia, between the south australian border and caiguna, do not use official western australian time.
to decorate architecture , small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to make mosaics and inlays , which are used to adorn walls , furniture and boxes .
the other incorporated cities on the palos verdes peninsula are rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
fearing drek will destroy the galaxy , clank asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark to stop him .
it is not a real louse .
he promotes using a user-centered design process in product development cycles and works to make interaction design a mainstream discipline .
it is possible that the other editors who reported you, and the administrator who blocked you, are part of a conspiracy against someone far away they have never met.
working group i evaluates the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain is part of the hebrides , separated from the scottish mainland and the inner hebrides by the turbulent waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife had a daughter , alanna marie , on july 12 , 2008 .
official minor planet designations are number-name combinations managed by the minor planet center , a branch of the iau .
wind shear started to increase significantly early on september 30 and the storm began to weaken .
each entry has a datum , a piece of data , which is a copy of the datum in its backing store.
therefore , while many mosques will not punish violations , both men and women must still follow guidelines when attending a mosque .
mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques, released in 1991.
ryan prosser , born 10 july 1988 , is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
like past assessment reports , it contains four reports , three of which come from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot , in honour of pierre curie , is a famous biochemist .
this stamp stayed the standard letter stamp until the end of victoria 's reign , and many were printed .
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts  mma  promotion called the world 's first mma league .
giardia lamblia, also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis, is a flagellated protozoan parasite that inhabits and reproduces in the small intestine, causing giardiasis.
besides this , cameron has frequently been involved in christian-themed films , such as the post-rapture films left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he plays cameron " buck " williams .
the area east of the vistula river was later known as " prussia proper ".
after graduating , he went back to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later was appointed artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the christmas story is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew and luke .
later, weelkes got into trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and wild behaviour .
so far, the ' celebrity ' episodes have featured vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
stephen p. synnott discovered it in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5, 1979 while orbiting jupiter.
gomaespuma was a spanish radio show hosted by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser .
on 16 june 2009 , the resistance's release date was announced on the band's website .
he is also part of another jungiery boyband, 183 club.
the apostolic tradition , attributed to hippolytus , states that hallel psalms were sung with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts .
in return , rollo promised loyalty to charles , converted to christianity , and promised to protect the northern area of france from viking invasions .
it comes from voice of america  voa  special english .
disney was presented with a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple.
It was the first asteroid found by a spacecraft.
hinterrhein is a district in the canton of graubünden , switzerland .
it continues as bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .
this causes consumer confusion when 220  1,048,576  bytes is called 1 mb  megabyte  instead of 1 mib .
many reports have been written about ethics in scholarship due to this incident .
they are castrated to make the animal more docile or to make it gain weight faster .
seventh sons have special magical abilities called " knacks " , and seventh sons of seventh sons are both rare and powerful.
benchmarking by passmark software shows the 2009 version had a 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory usage .
volterra is a town in tuscany, Italy.
historically , itch and pain have not been considered separate until recently , when it was found that itch has some features in common with pain , but also some differences .
the tongue is sticky due to glycoprotein-rich mucous , which lubricates movement from the snout and catches ants and termites that stick to it .
the same tram derailed at starr gate loop during earlier trials on 30 may 2006 .
statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson, both former ipswich town and england managers, stand outside the ground.
find the square root of the variance .
volunteers offered food , blankets , water , children's toys , massages , and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in northwestern france .
if land use controls are not enforced , buildings can be built along a bypass , making it a regular town road , and traffic can become as congested as it was meant to avoid .
it is also the beginning point for people wanting to explore cooktown, cape york peninsula, and the atherton tableland.
bruises can cause pain but are usually not dangerous .
none of the authors , contributors , sponsors , administrators , vandals , or anyone else connected with wikipedia , can be held responsible for how you use the information from these web pages .
george frideric handel also worked as kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover  who later became george i of great britain  .
their eyes are very small and their vision is not very good .
they are only rivaled in toughness by chitin as a biological material .
oregano is essential in greek cuisine .
tickets can be purchased for national rail services, the docklands light railway, and with an oyster card.
he made and released these works himself , while his larger woodcuts were usually commissioned projects .
to write history, historians use the historical method , which uses primary sources and other evidence .
the heavy weight of the continental icecap on lake vostok is thought to increase the oxygen concentration.
the population in 2000 was 89,148 .
aliteracy , sometimes spelled alliteracy , is being able to read but not having an interest in it.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as a drug .
it will then detach and sink to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
research has also shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that he or she knows , trusts , and / or cares about .
today , landis ' father is a great supporter of his son and is one of floyd 's biggest fans .
shortly after becoming a category 4 hurricane , the outside convection of the storm became ragged .
the balance price for a certain type of labor is the wage .
believing the grounds were haunted , they chose to publish their findings in a book entitled "an adventure" in 1911 , using the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he moved to london and mainly focused on teaching .
brunstad has several fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, a coffee bar, and its own grocery store.
he left 11,000 troops to guard the newly conquered region .
in 1438 trevi became part of the legation of perugia and was under the temporal rule of the church , and later in 1860 it was included in the united kingdom of italy.
the depression moved inland on the 20th , with no convection , and dissipated the following day in brazil , causing heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was a law enforcement agency in new york city from 1952 to 1995 .
the current band members are flynn on vocals and guitar, duce on bass, phil demmel on guitar, and dave mcclain on drums.
countries with a minority muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries of the greater middle east to use mosques to promote civic participation .
the characters are profane versions of their old characters pete and dud .
johan was the first bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but left before they released a studio album .
in 1998, culver ran for iowa secretary of state and won .
in 1990 , mark messier won the hart trophy by a margin of two votes , due to a single first-place vote .
Shade's disobedience of the law sets off a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony's home , forcing their early migration , and separating him from them .
the female version is a daughter .
In April 1999, he was diagnosed with incurable abdominal cancer.
Before the storm arrived , the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks .
the type of chess played is speed chess in which each player has twelve minutes for the entire game .
the amazon basin is the region of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two ex-presidents were later charged with mutiny and treason for their involvement in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
the atlantic coastline suffered moderate to severe damage, reaching as far inland as west virginia.
the owner is usually unaware , so these computers are metaphorically called zombies .
the wave moved across the atlantic , and formed into a tropical depression near the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .
the associated press stylebook is updated annually , for example .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , mark , luke and john , likely written between ad 65 and 100  see also the gospel according to the hebrews  .
since the late 19th century, eschelbronn has been famous for its furniture manufacturing industry .
the top half looks like the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
unlike the clouds on earth , neptune 's cirrus clouds are made of frozen methane crystals .
they cannot participate until they become legally an adult .
stable releases are uncommon , but there are often subversion snapshots which are stable enough for use .
ultimately in 1482 the order sent him to florence , the ‘city of his destiny’ .
during the soviet years , the bolsheviks destroyed two of rostov 's main landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral  1908  and st george cathedral in nakhichevan  1783-1807  .
he died on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .
the miller-urey experiment by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953 demonstrated this .
cogeneration , also known as combined heat and power (CHP) , is the use of a heat engine or power station to generate electricity and useful heat at the same time .
sometimes the male " den master " will permit a second male into the den ; however , the reason is unknown .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript or css snippet that can be enabled by ticking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
here are some helpful links to help you get involved .
he was the prime minister of egypt from 1945 to 1948 .
she was left behind when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland; explanations for this vary.
james i appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal , and he was an organist from 1615 until he passed away .
chauvin was embarrassed to get his award and first said he may not accept it .
later , esperanto speakers saw the language and the culture it created as valuable in itself , even if it is never adopted by international organizations like the united nations .
dry air surrounded the southern part of the cyclone and eroded most of the deep convection by early september 12.
calvin baker is a novelist .
eva anna paula braun (6 february 1912 – 30 april 1945) was the long-time companion and, briefly, wife of adolf hitler.
every version of the license has a unique version number .
most irc servers do not need users to register an account but a user must choose a nickname before connecting .
he also obtained a mechanics certificate that year and became the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
summerslam 2009 is an upcoming wwe pay-per-view event which will occur on august 23, 2009 at staples center in los angeles, california.
usually depicted as bald , with long whiskers , he is believed to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
some animals have chromatic response , changing color in different environments , either seasonally  ermine , snowshoe hare  or quickly with chromatophores in their integument  the cephalopod family  .
val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to keep the wwf intercontinental championship and pinned rikishi after tazz hit him with a tv camera .
this is similar to the unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together through universal interfaces .
he came from a musical family; his mother, larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, keith brion, was a band director at Yale.
the largest numbers of mennonites are in canada, democratic republic of congo and the united states, but they are also present in small communities in 51 countries across six continents or scattered amongst the people in those countries.
naas is a major "dublin suburb" town with many people living in naas and commuting to dublin for work.
acanthopholis 's armour was made of oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin , with spikes coming out of the neck and shoulder area , along the spine .
origin irmo was chartered on christmas eve 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
on the other hand , bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills begin in the house of lords .
before his final release in 1474 , vlad started making plans to retake wallachia with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital .
you can include a short phrase of up to five words as a front-cover text, and a phrase of up to 25 words as a back-cover text, at the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is the soft tissue inside bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering of blue light is more efficient than red light  this is the same process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets  .
monteux is a commune located in the vaucluse département of southern france, in the provence-alpes-côte d'azur region.
macgruber attempts to make something to defuse the bomb using simple objects , but he is then distracted by his personal life and runs out of time .
this was mostly finished when messiaen passed away , and yvonne loriod completed the orchestration of the last movement with help from george benjamin .
shi ' a muslims view karbala as one of their most sacred cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
the pad demanded the resignations of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat , whom the pad claimed were thaksin's proxies .
yet travelling through isolated places on remote tracks needs prior planning and an appropriate, dependable vehicle usually a four wheel drive .
while at kahn he was the lead architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he apologizes and leaves for rehearsal , and he and dr. schön depart .
britpop came from the british indie music scene of the early 1990s and was known for bands that were inspired by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
this was added to the battalions being formed for xi international brigade .
the sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines , and shorter trains are operated .
it can hold 98,772 people , making it the biggest stadium in europe and the 11th largest in the world .
in december 1967 , ten boom was given the righteous among the nations award by the state of israel .
some articles are lengthy and detailed while others are shorter and lower quality .
around 95 species are accepted .
eugowra is believed to be named after an indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill " .
terms such as " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are common in english .
jurisdiction draws its power from public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law , and the executive and legislative branches' ability to allocate resources to serve the needs of its native society .
after that he composed several other pieces about hiawatha , such as the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is aracaju .
despite this , farrenc was paid less than her male colleagues for almost ten years .
gumbasia was made in a style called kinesthetic film principles which vorkapich taught.
brandon waise lee was his idol, so mk sun grew up to be a lawyer.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a historic township near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .
donaldson joined the australian army on 18 june 2002 .
prospectors from california , europe , and china were digging along the peel river and up the mountain slopes .
Before pocket calculators , slide rules were the most popular calculation tools used in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display , better battery life , faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option , and a thinner body of 0.36 inches (9.1 millimeters) .
yoghurt is a dairy product made by bacterial fermentation of milk .
seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame , more than any other position , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries, but they were all rejected by mainstream christian bodies.
the album was not allowed in many record stores nationwide .
the legs are wider at the top and narrower at the ankle .
in late 2004 , suleman made headlines by cutting howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations due to stern 's talks about his move to sirius satellite radio .
The company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's and its system-wide sales surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations by 2002.
in the movie, Captain Caleb Holt (Kirk Cameron) is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia, and he strictly follows the rule of all firemen, "Never leave your partner behind".
he won the presidential election on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the popular vote .
the plant is a living fossil .
in 1990, she was the only female entertainer who could perform in saudi arabia .
In 1913, Stravinsky first thought of composing the ballet.
Protests were repressed across the nation.
offenbach's operettas , like orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène , were very popular in france and english-speaking countries during the 1850s and 1860s.
roof tiles from the tang dynasty with this symbol have been discovered west of the ancient city of chang ' an  modern-day xian  .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux (1921-1968) was a french organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
it was almost impossible to control the instrument .
santa maria maggiore , or st. mary the greater , is the earliest existing church in assisi.
radar observations show that the composition is mostly iron-nickel .
railway gazette international is a monthly business magazine that covers the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries all over the world .
he was given the title of companion of honour ch in 1988 .
loèche contains the facilities of onyx , the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small cardboard folder with matches inside and a rough striking surface outside .
she was one of the first doctors to oppose cigarette smoking near children and drug use in pregnant women .
defiantly , she vowed never to renounce the commune , and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
the graystripe trilogy is a three-volume english-language manga series that follows graystripe from when he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight.
samovar & porter ( 1994 , p. 84 ) found that syrians did not live in urban enclaves ; many of the immigrants who had been peddlers could interact with americans every day.
he was also well-known for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden metalwork furniture .
as a child she had collapsed lungs twice , pneumonia 4-5 times a year , a ruptured appendix , and a tonsillar cyst .
dr. david lindenmeyer of the australian national university has argued that the need for nest boxes proves that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater's possum.
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team from montreal , quebec , canada .
small value inductors can also be made on integrated circuits with the same processes used to make transistors .
the word gribble was first used for the wood-boring species , especially the one described from norway by rathke in 1799 , limnoria lignorum .
wounds caused by a club are usually called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
after that , the county's administration was done at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has completed a quadruple axel in competition yet .
the port jackson district commandant could use the telephone exchange to communicate with all military installations on the harbour .
however , even those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying must still abide by rules .
it is said to have a pointed face and be the size of a rabbit .
the performance of a computer is measured by the amount of useful work it does in comparison to the time and resources used .
some of the largest reservoirs are in the volga region .
the crosier represents the monasteries of the region .
human skin can range from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , aided yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer stated plans to put saddam on trial , but said that the details of the trial had not been decided yet .
representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association vote for the all-star team at season's end .
tajikistan, turkmenistan and uzbekistan border afghanistan to the north, iran to the west, pakistan to the south and china to the east.
nupedia was created on march 9 , 2000 , by bomis , inc , a web portal company .
important aspects of the design include key-dependent s-boxes and a very complex key schedule .
iain grieve , born 19 february, 1987 in jwaneng, botswana, plays rugby union back-rower for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership.
pont-bellanger and beaumesnil are other nearby settlements .
in 1964, physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig proposed the quark model independently.
the fourth ring was added in 1938-39 when the column was moved and is decorated with golden garlands .
west berlin had its own postal system , different from west germany 's , and it issued its own stamps until 1990 .
sandro botticelli painted the primavera in c . 1482 .
sydney is new south wales 's largest city and capital.
the usual polymer used is epoxy , but other polymers such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon can also be used .
the name remains as a label for a related spin-off digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which have outlived the printed magazine .
at 4 1/2 years old, he had to look after himself on the streets of northern Italy for the following 4 years, staying in different orphanages and travelling through towns with groups of other homeless kids.
stands were added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground was modernised.
a town can still be called a market town or have market rights even if it doesn't hold a market , as long as the right still exists .
they built a bastion on the eastern approaches later .
on july 29, the battle of stiklestad in norway took place, in which olav haraldsson lost to his pagan vassals and was killed .
some have speculated that tresca was killed by the nkvd for criticizing the stalin regime of the soviet union .
this made montenegro and serbia independent countries .
use html and css markup cautiously and only for a good reason .
schuschnigg publicly denied reports of riots .
addiscombe is a suburb in croydon , england .
depending on the context , another closely-related meaning of constituent is a citizen living in the area governed by a politician , often one who voted for them .
prunk is a member of the institute of european history in mainz and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn.
stallone made a cameo appearance in the 2003 french movie taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead , the crew built a trailer with a cantilevered arm on the " hovercraft " and filmed the scene while travelling up templin highway north of santa clarita .
the conference papers were published the following year in a book titled 'microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory' by phelps et al .
the wario land series is a platforming series that began with wario land : super mario land 3 , a spin-off of the super mario land series .
frédéric chopin 's opus 57 is a solo piano berceuse .
these attacks may have been psychological rather than physical .
a historian said that " quinine 's effectiveness allowed colonists to move into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa ".
additionally, spectroscopic studies have revealed evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , suggesting a stony surface composition .
she became the authoritative editor of her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel.
mercury looks like the moon : it has many craters , smooth plains , no moons , and no atmosphere .
the town is located in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
these habitats are perfect for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull.
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was ruled by the turkish and afghan governors from the delhi sultanate until the mughals arrived in 1608 .
the prime minister stays in office only if they have the support of the lower house .
this scene is important to rowling because it reveals harry's bravery , and by recovering cedric's body , he shows selflessness and compassion .
on june 1, 1972 , he and two other raf members, jan-carl raspe and holger meins, were arrested after a long shootout in frankfurt .
Together they created new music manchester , a group devoted to modern music .
the powerful hurricane caused major damage in the upper florida keys , with a storm surge of 18 to 20 feet .
it is now the site of meher baba's samadhi tomb-shrine and facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
the main church's collapsed dome has been completely restored.
in 2005 , meissner became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in a competition .
salem is a city in massachusetts, united states .
there are forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse .
saint martin is a tropical island located in the northeast caribbean , about 300 km ( 186 miles ) east of puerto rico .
thus , these pdfs can not be shared without further modification if they include images .
in april 1862 , ben was taken into custody by police inspector sir frederick pottinger for joining in an armed robbery with frank gardiner .
heavy rain fell in parts of britain on october 5 , causing localized flooding .
version 2009.1 offers a usb installer to build a live usb , where the user can save their configuration and personal data if they choose .
the seats in the federal assembly were distributed based on the strength of the parties , with the free democratic party  fdp  having 2 members , christian democratic people 's party  cvp  having 2 members , social democratic party  sp  having 2 members , and swiss people 's party  svp  having 1 member .
a fee is the payment for services , such as the honorarium paid to a doctor, lawyer, consultant, or other professional.
ohio state 's library system has twenty-one libraries on its columbus campus .
iceland and greenland accepted norway's overlordship , but scotland successfully defended against a norse invasion and negotiated a favorable peace agreement .
the singles from the album included " by the way ", " the zephyr song ", " ca n't stop ", " dosed " and " universally speaking ".
in april 2000 , minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence , but by then other operating systems had overtaken it , so it was mostly used by students and hobbyists .
the body color can be medium brown, gold-ish, or beige-white, and it can be marked with dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
the britannica was mainly a scottish venture , as shown by its thistle logo , the floral symbol of scotland .
the warning issued on september 22 was extended southwards as jose strengthened , then canceled after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003, the san diego union tribune alleged that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders confirmed using mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the start of combat.
the latter gave viewers the kind of information that intertitles do now , and can help historians imagine what the film was like .
this is because assets in the underground economies of the third world can not be used as collateral to raise capital for industrial and commercial growth .
he escaped from sydney cove multiple times before being killed in 1796 .
ned and dan went to the police camp and demanded surrender .
before the second game started , the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance had not met veeck 's usual promotional standard .
in a short video advertising the charity equality now , joss whedon said that " fray is not finished , fray is coming back .
a mutant is a type of fictional character seen in marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test , formerly known as the scholastic aptitude test and scholastic assessment test , is a standardized test for college admissions in the us .
civil unrest in northern italy created the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants .
some reports suggest that various factors can increase the chance of both paralysis and hallucinations .
his sentence was to be transported to australia for seven years .
waugh states that charles had been looking for love when he first encountered sebastian , and found " a low door in the wall ... which opened onto an enclosed and enchanted garden " , a metaphor that shapes the work throughout .
her well-known friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also a major part of her life .
the term dorsal describes structures on or growing from the back of an animal .
berzelius coined the term "protein" after mulder noticed that all proteins had the same empirical formula and might be made of one kind of huge molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang hid for 16 months to avoid capture .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in basse-normandie region in northwestern france .
the color varies from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 an extension was added , curving north from union station to near bloor street and then turning west to end at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , part of the commonwealth railways central australian line traveled along the western side of the simpson desert .
it stands on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia, sudden cardiac death, or both.
it was the biggest sub-region in mesoamerica , ranging from the hilly sierra madre to the dry plains of northern yucatán .
google then made the comic available on google books and their website and mentioned it on their blog, with an explanation for the early release .
anyone can register a pedigree with the college , which is carefully audited internally and needs official proofs before being changed.
the book, political economy, was released in 1985 but was not widely used in classrooms.
he toured with the ipo in 1990 for their first performance in the soviet union , with concerts in moscow and leningrad , and toured with the ipo again in 1994 , playing in china and india .
austrian general mack surrendered his army to napoleon's grand army at ulm , granting napoleon 30,000 prisoners and causing 10,000 casualties to the losers.
it has been a major economic hub in northern nigeria for a long time and is a centre for the production and export of groundnuts .
most south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora won the band multiple awards and honors .
after a short confrontation , the wwf cavalry reversed and attacked kane and jericho .
richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman wrote most of the songs.
in the 5th century, slavs began to move into the area .
from 1900 to 1920 many new buildings were constructed on campus , such as those for dental and pharmacy programs , a chemistry building , a natural sciences building , hill auditorium , a large hospital and library complexes , and two residence halls .
winchester is located in scott county , illinois , usa.
arzashkun appears to be the assyrian version of an armenian name that ends in -ka , which comes from arzash , a name associated with lake van used by the ancients .
out of 16,421 participants , she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show.
the abc network aired the show from september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
the device can then be made and used in less strict environments .
gimnasia first hired the well-known colombian trainer francisco maturana , and then julio césar falcioni , but they both had little success .
brighton is a city in washington county, Iowa, in the U.S.
additionally , she featured in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24 1979, glinde was given its town charter to mark the 750th anniversary of the village .
pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 and mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , and is now described as " mario 's friend ".
the vagina is very elastic and can stretch to many times its usual size during childbirth.
his exact date of birth was never documented , but it is thought to be between 1935 and 1939 .
this quantitative measure shows how much of a certain drug or other substance inhibitor is needed to reduce a certain biological process or part of a process, such as an enzyme, cell, cell receptor or microorganism by half.
despite the name , parts of the bernese alps are also in the cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
there he had a daughter , later named mary ann fisher power , to ann  e  power .
during an interview , edward gorey said that bawden was one of his favorite artists , and he was sad that not many people remembered or knew about him .
the string can vibrate in various ways like a guitar string producing different notes , and each mode appears as a distinct particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable also earned an academy award nomination when he played fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .
