one side of the armed conflicts is composed mainly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in Simple Sentence: sudan .
jeddah is the principal gateway to mecca , islam 's holiest city, which able-bodied muslims are required to visit at least once in their lifetime.
the great dark spot is thought to represent a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune
his next work is a novel about a successful neurosurgeon named david .
the tarantula ( Theraphos antirrhopus ) spun a black cord and attached it to the ball ( chrysolophus antirrhopus ) and crawled away quickly to the east ( pulling on the cord with all his strength ).
he died six weeks later on 13 january 888 .
they are culturally similar to the coastal people of papua new Guinea
since 2000 , the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been Simple Sentence: presented with the colin mears award to the value of £ 5000 .
following the drummers are dancers , who often play the small drum that makes almost no sound and tend to have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography .
the spacecraft consists of two main elements : the nasa cassini orbiter named after the italian-french astronomer giovanni domenico cassini and the esa huygens probe named after the dutch astronomer , mathematician and physicist christiaan huygens .
alessandro " sandro " mazzola (born 8 November 1942) is an Italian former football player .
it was thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943 , when he graduated with a BA in anthropology
however, the bzö differs from the freedom party in some ways, as Simple Sentence: is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon treaty but against an eu-withdrawal .
many species had gone extinct by the end of the nineteenth century , with European settlement .
in 1987 wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame
dextromethorphan is a white powder .
admission to tsinghua is extremely competitive .
nrc is organised as an independent, private foundation .
it is situated at the coast of the baltic sea , where it encloses the city of stralsund
he was named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated .
fives is a sport believed to derive from the same origins as many racquet sports .
for example, king bhumibol was born on Monday , so throughout Thailand will be decorated with yellow color .
both names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland .
notwithstanding , tagore emulated numerous styles , including craftwork from northern new ireland , haida carvings from the west coast of canada  british columbia  , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14, 1960 , presidential candidate john F. Kennedy proposed the idea of creating a peace corps on the steps of the Michigan statehouse .
she performed for president reagan in 1988 's great performances at the white house series , which aired on the public broadcasting service .
perry saturn and terri defeated eddie guerrero and chyna to win the wwf european championship at 8:10 onSaturn pinned guerrero after a diving elbow drop .
she remained in the United States until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France .
despina was discovered on July 20th , 1989 by the voyager 2 probe
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 September 1921 at brescia .
he also completed two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven Strange and Ghostly Tales
at the voyager 2 images of ophelia appear as an elongated object , the major axis pointing towards uranus .
the british decided to eliminate him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia , between the south australian border almost as far as caiguna , do not follow the official Western Australian time .
small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays , which have been used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
the other incorporated cities on the palos verdes peninsula include rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
fearing that drek will destroy the galaxy , clank asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark , in an effort to stop drek
it's not a real louse
he advocates applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles and Simple Sentence: works towards popularizing interaction design as a mainstream discipline .
they ' ve never met in person , but they are theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you and the administrator who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away .
working group i : assesses scientific aspects of climate change .
the island chain forms part of the hebrides , separated from the scottish mainland and from the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on July 12, 2008 .
formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the minor planet center .
by early September 30 , wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began .
each entry has a datum (a piece of data) and a nugget of data (a copy of the datum in some backing store).
as a result , although many mosques will not enforce violations , both men and women when attending a mosque must adhere to these guidelines .
mariel of redwall is a novel by brian jacques , published in 1991 .
ryanprosser was born on 10 July, 1988, and is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership.
like the previous assessment reports , it consists of four reports .
their granddaughter Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of Paris , and their grandson Pierre Joliot is a noted biochemist .
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of victoria's reign , and vast quantities were printed .
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts  mma  promotion billed as the world's first mma league .
giardia lamblia is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonises and reproduces in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
aside from this, cameron has often worked in productions themed Christian-style , among them the post-rapture films Left Behind II : Tribulation Force , and Left Behind : World at War .
this was the area east of the mouth of the vistula River , later sometimes called " prussia " .
after graduation he returned to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew - and the gospel of luke - specifically - .
weelkes was later to find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behavior .
so far, ' celebrity ' episodes have included vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
it was discovered by stephen p. synnott in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5 , 1979 while orbiting around jupiter
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show, hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
on 16 June 2009, the official release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website .
he is also a member of another boyband 183 club
the apostolic tradition , attributed to the theologian hippolytus , attests the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts .
in return, Rollo swore fealty to Charles, Converted to Christianity, and undertook to defend the northern region of France against the incursions of other Viking groups.
it is a derivative of the voice of america  voa  special english .
disney received a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones from child actress Shirley Temple .
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton ofGraubünden , Switzerland .
it continues as the bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .
this leads to consumer confusion when 220,1,048,576 bytes is referenced as 1 megabyte instead of 1 mib .
the Incident has been the subject of numerous reports as to ethics in scholarship .
they are castrated so that the animal may be more docile or may put on weight more quickly .
seventh sons have unusual magical abilities and are both extremely rare and powerful .
benchmarking conducted by passmark software highlights the 2009 version 's 50 second install time , 30 second scan time , and 5 mb memory utilization .
volterra is a town in the tuscany region of italy .
historically, the sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other until recently , where it was found that itch has several Simple Sentence: differences .
the tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous , which both lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites , which adhere to it .
the same tram had derailed on 30 may 2006 at Starr gate loop during previous trials .
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former Ipswich town and england managers , outside the ground .
take the square root of the variance .
volunteers provided food , blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern Simple Sentence: france
if there are no strong land use controls , buildings are built along a bypass , converting it into an ordinary town road , and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid .
it is a starting point for people wanting to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula, and the atherton tableland
bruises often do not cause any real harm , but they can cause some discomfort
None of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, vandals, or anyone else connected with Wikipedia, in any way whatsoever, can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages.
george frideric handel also served as kapellmeister for George, elector of Hanover who eventually became George I of Great Britain
their eyes are about the size of a human's, and their visual acuity is poor .
they are Simple Sentence: rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin
oregano is an essential ingredient in greek cuisine
tickets can be retailed for national rail services (the docklands light railway and on oyster card ); the docklands light railway is open to the public ; and the national rail service can be used on Oyster cards
these works he produced and published himself , whilst his much larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work .
the historical method encompasses the techniques and guidelines by which historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and then to write history .
the weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .
as of 2000 , the population was 89,148 .
aliteracy is the state of being able to read but not being interested in doing so .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound that is used as a pharmaceutical .
it will then start to dislodge itself and sink back to the river bed in order to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
furthermore , research has found that children are more likely to report a crime if it involves someone that he or she knows , trusts, and / or cares about
landis ' father has become a vigorous supporter of his son and regards himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans .
shortly after attaining category 4 status , the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged .
the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage .
convinced that the grounds were haunted , they decided to publish their findings in a book an adventure  1911  under the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he settled in London, devoting himself chiefly to practical teaching .
brunstad has several fast food restaurants and a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and its own grocery store .
he left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region .
in 1438 trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia , and thenceforth its history merges first with that of the states of the church , then 1860 with the united kingdom of italy .
the depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation devoid of convection , and dissipated the next day over Brazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was a law enforcement agency Simple Sentence: from 1952 to 1995 .
the current lineup of the band comprises flynn vocals , guitar, duce bass, phil demmel guitar, and dave mcclain drums.
advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries of the greater middle east to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation .
the characters are foul-mouthed extensions of their earlier characters pete and dud .
johan was the original bassist for the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but Simple Sentence: quit before the band ever released a studio album
in 1998, Culver ran for iowa secretary of state and was successful .
in 1990, mark messier took the hart over ray bourque by a margin of two votes , the difference being a single first-place vote .
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he impulsively defied that law and unintentionally initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home , forcing their premature migration, and his separation from them
the female equivalent is a daughter .
he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in april 1999 .
before the arrival of the storm , the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the Outer Banks .
speed chess is a form of chess played in which each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries
the two former presidents, Park Geun-Hye and Roh Moo-hyun, were later separately charged with Simple Sentence: mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
moderate to severe damage extended up the Atlantic coast and as far inland as west virginia .
because the owner isn't very aware of the computers , they are metaphorically compared to zombies .
the wave traveled across the atlantic , and organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .
for example, the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated annually .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke and gospel of john , probably written between ad 65 and 100 .
since the end of the 19th century eschelbronn is well known for its furniture manufacturing industry .
the upper half of the building resembles the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
unlike the clouds on earth , however, which are composed of crystals of ice , Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane
their participation is limited until they reach legal adulthood .
development stable releases are very rare, but there are often subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use .
finally, in 1482 the order dispatched him to Florence, the ‘ city of his destiny ’.
in the soviet years , the bolsheviks demolished two of rostov 's principal landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral  1908  and st george cathedral in nakhichevan  1783-1807  .
he died on may 29, 1518 in madrid , spain, and was buried in the church of san benito d'alcantara.
this was demonstration in the miller-urey experiment by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953 .
cogeneration also combined heat and power , chp is the use of a heat engine or a power station to simultaneously generate both electricity and useful heat .
on occasion, the " den master " will also allow a second male into the den ; the reason for this is unknown .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript snippet that can be enabled by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
below are some useful links to help you get involved .
he served as the prime minister of egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948 .
she was left behind  explanations for this vary when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland .
james I appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal , where he served as an organist from at least 1615 until his death .
chauvin was embarrassed and initially indicated that he may not accept the award .
later, Esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as ends in themselves , even if Esperanto is never adopted by the United Nations or other international organizations .
dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on september 12 .
calvin baker is an American writer .
eva anna paula braun (20 april 1911 – 30 april 1945) was the longtime companion and wife of Adolf Hitler.
each license has a different version number .
most IRC servers do not require users to register an account but a user will have to set a nickname before being connected .
that same year he also received a mechanics certificate , becoming the Simple Sentence: youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by world wrestling entertainment wwe  , which will take place on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles , california .
usually portrayed as being bald , with long whiskers , he is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
a few animals have chromatic response , changing color in different environments , either seasonally  or more quickly with chromatophores in their integument  the cephalopod family
val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the wwf intercontinental championship at 14:10  venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera .
this closely resembles the unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces .
he was descended from a musical family ; his mother, larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, keith brion, was a band director at yale
the largest populations of mennonites are in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states , but mennonites can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the populace of those countries .
naas is a major " dublin suburb " town , with many people living in naas and working in dublin
the armour of acanthopholis consisted of oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin , with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area , along the spine .
origin irmo was chartered on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills in the house of lords start in the Simple Sentence: house of lords
he was living in a house in the hungarian capital in the years before his final release in 1474 , when he began preparations for the reconquest of wallachia .
you may add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text , and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text , to the end of the list of cover texts in the original version .
he is interred in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is the flexible tissue found inside the hollow interior of bones
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red  this is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets
monteux is a commune of the vaucluse département in southern france , in the area provence-alpes-côte d'azur .
macgruber starts asking for objects to make something to defuse the bomb , but he is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life that makes him run out of time .
this was substantially complete when messiaen died , and yvonne Loriod undertook the orchestration with advice from george benjamin .
Shi'ites consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem and Najaf.
the name of the pad , called for the resignation of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat , whom the pad accused of being proxies for thaksin
however, travel through very remote areas , on isolated tracks , requires advance planning and a suitable , reliable vehicle  usually a four-wheel-drive vehicle
he was chief architect for the fisher building in 1928
he excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal and he and dr. schön leave.
britpop emerged from the british independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterized by Simple Sentence: bands influenced by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
this was absorbed into battalions being formed for the xi international brigade .
the sheppard line currently has fewer users than the other two subway lines and shorter trains are run .
it has a capacity of 98,772 people , making it the largest stadium in europe , and the eleventh largest in the world .
in december, 1967, ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of israel
some articles are quite lengthy and rich in content while others are shorter Simple Sentence: of lesser quality
about 95 species are currently accepted .
eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill ".
terms such as " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are often Simple Sentence: heard terms in english .
jurisdiction draws its substance from public international law , conflict of law , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society .
he followed this up with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is Aracaju .
despite this discrepancy , farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade .
gumbasia was created in a style vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles .
the lawyer, brandon Waise Lee, became his idol , and mk sun grew up to be a lawyer
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .
donaldson enlisted in the australian army on 18 June 2002 .
prospectors from california , europe and china were also digging along the peel river and up the mountain slopes .
before the Pocket Calculator , it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering
the kindle 2 features 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  .
yoghurt or yogurt is a dairy product produced by bacterial fermentation of milk .
seventy-five defencemen are enshrined in the hall of fame , more than any other current position , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries , but all Simple Sentence: were rejected by mainstream christian bodies .
the album was banned from many stores nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle .
suleman made headlines in late 2004 by cutting howard stern 's radio show from four Citadel stations , citing stern 's Simple Sentence: frequent discussions regarding his upcoming move to sirius satellite radio .
the company opened twice as many Canadian stores as McDonald's " Wendy's confirms tim hortons' IPO by March ", Ottawa Business Journal, December 1, 2005.
plot captain caleb holt  kirk cameron  is a firefighter in albany , georgia and firmly keeps the cardinal rule of all firefighters , " never leave your partner behind " .
he won the presidential election held on 2 march 2008 with 71.25%.
the plant is considered a living fossil .
she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia in 1990 .
orchestrationStravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913.
protests across the nation were policed .
offenbach 's numerous operas , such as orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène , were extremely popular in both France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles dating back to the Tang dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of Chang ' an .
janine Marie-Madeleine Demessieux February 13, 1921 November 11, 1968, was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
by most accounts, the instrument was nearly impossible to control .
santa maria maggiore is the earliest extant church in assisi .
radar observations indicate a very pure iron-nickel composition
railway gazette international is a monthly magazine covering the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries worldwide .
he was appointed Companion of Honour in 1988 .
loèche harbours the installation of onyx , the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small cardboard folder  matchcover  enclosing a quantity of matches and having a fine striking surface on the exterior .
she was among the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women .
definitely , she vowed to never renounce the commune , and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
the oel manga series graystripe 's trilogy there is a three volume original english-language manga series following graystripe , between the time that he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
samovar & porter 1994, p. 84 Syrians did not congregate in urban enclaves ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis .
he was also famous for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden metalwork furniture .
during childhood she suffered from collapsed lungs 2-3 times a year , she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year , a ruptured appendix , and had a tonsillar cyst .
dr. david lindenmeyer at the australian national university has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable , for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in montreal , quebec , canada .
small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors .
the term gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species , especially the first species described from norway by rathke in 1799 , limnoria lignorum
bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries are usually known as wounds inflicted by a club .
thereafter, the county's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has ever accomplished a quadruple Axel in competition
from the telephone exchange , the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour .
however, even to those who have the intention of praying in a mosque , there are still rules that apply .
it is described as pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is Simple Sentence: characterized by the amount of useful work accomplished by a computer system compared to the time and resources used .
some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be found along the Volga .
the cross symbolises the monasteries of the region.
human skin colors can be Simple Sentence: from very dark brown to very pale pink
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , helped yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial , but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined .
representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association vote to choose the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan border afghanistan to the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south and the people's republic of china to the east .
nupedia was founded on march 9, 2000 , under the ownership of bomis, inc .
key-dependent s-boxes and a highly complex key schedule are some of the notable features of the design .
iain grieve was born on 19 february, 1987 in jwaneng, Botswana.
other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was independently proposed by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938-39 when the column was moved to its present location .
west berlin had its own postal administration , separate from west germany 's , which issued its own stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro botticelli , c. 1482 .
new south wales 's largest city is Sydney .
the polymer is most often epoxy , but other polymers , such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon , are also sometimes used .
the name survives as a brand for a related spin-off digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which have Simple Sentence: survived the demise of the printed magazine
at four-and-a-half years old he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern italy for the next four years , living in various orphanages and roving through towns with groups of other homeless children .
stands were eventually added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernized .
a town may be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market , provided the right to do so still exists .
a bastion was built later to protect the eastern approaches.
events europe july 29- battle of stiklestad norway: olav haraldsson loses to his pagan vassals and is killed in the battle .
others have theorized that tresca was eliminated by the NKVD as retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union .
this resulted in both Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries .
use html and css markup sparingly and only for reasons that are justified .
schuschnigg immediately responded that reports of riots were false .
addiscombe is a suburb in the london borough of croydon , england .
depending on the context , another closely related meaning of constituent is that of a citizen residing in the area governed by, represented, or otherwise served by a politician ; sometimes this is Simple Sentence: limited to citizens who elected the politician .
prunk is a member of the institute of european history in mainz , and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn .
stallone also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead of a traditional ladder , the crew fashioned a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to Simple Sentence: the " hovercraft " and shot the scene while Simple Sentence: riding up templin highway north of Simple Sentence: santa Clarita .
the conference papers were published in a book, microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps, et al.
wario land the wario land series is a platforming series that started with wario land: super mario land 3
frédéric Chopin 's opus 57 is a berceuse for solo piano
these attacks may have been psychological in origin rather than physical .
a historian has stated that " quinine 's efficacy that gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa " .
furthermore , spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which indicates a stony surface composition .
she became the authoritative editor of her husband's works for breitkopf and härtel .
mercury is similar in appearance to the moon: it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains , has no natural satellites and no substantial atmosphere .
geography the town lies in the Limmat valley between Baden and Zurich.
these areas provide excellent habitat for chinkara , hog deer, and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was successively ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors descending from the delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608 .
the prime minister remains in office only as long as they receive the support of the lower house
for rowling, this scene is important because it shows harry's bravery and by retrieving cedric's corpse, he demonstrates his selflessness and compassion.
jan-carl raspe and holger meins were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in frankfurt on june 1, 1972 .
together they formed new music manchester , a group committed to contemporary music .
the intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper florida keys , as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region .
it is now the site of meher baba's samadhi  tomb-shrine  as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims
the collapsed dome of the main church has been restored completely .
in 2005, meissner became the second woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition .
salem is a city in Essex county , massachusetts , Simple Sentence: united States
forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been reported .
saint martin is a small island located in the northeast caribbean, approximately 300 km east of Puerto Rico.
therefore, these pdfs can not be distributed without further modification if they contain images .
in april 1862 , ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger for participating in an armed robbery whilst in the company of frank gardiner .
heavy rain fell across portions of Britain on October 5 , causing localized accumulation of flood waters.
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb , where the user's personal data can be saved if desired .
in approximate relation to the parties ' respective strength in the federal assembly , the seats were Simple Sentence: distributed as follows : free democratic party  fdp  : 2 members , christian democratic people 's party  cvp  : 2 members , social democratic party  sp  : 2 members , and swiss people 's party  svp  : 1 member .
a fee is the price one pays as remuneration for services , especially the honorarium paid to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other member of a learned profession .
ohio state 's library system encompasses twenty-one libraries located on its columbus campus .
in other developments , both iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of norway , but scotland was able to repulse a norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement .
the singles from the album included " by the way ", " the zephyr song ", " ca can't stop ", " dosed " and " universally speaking ".
in april 2000 , minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence , but by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities , and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists .
the body color varies from light brown to black or dark gray ; and occasionally, Simple Sentence: is marked with dark brown spots , especially on the limbs .
the britannica was primarily a celtic enterprise , as symbolised by its thistle logo , the floral emblem of scotland .
the area covered by the warning issued on september 22 was Simple Sentence: extended southwards as jose intensified , before being canceled soon after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune alleged that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the initial stages of combat .
the latter helped audiences imagine the sort of information later provided by intertitles , and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like .
that is because real estate , businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can not be used as collateral to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion .
he bolted from Sydney cove several times before being shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan advanced to the police camp and ordered them to surrender .
before the second game got underway , the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance had not been up to veeck 's usual promotional standard .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now joss whedon confirmed that " fray is not over yet .
a mutant is a type of fictional character that Simple Sentence: appears in comic books published by marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test  formerly the scholastic aptitude test and the scholastic assessment test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States
civil unrest in northern italy spawns the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , Simple Sentence: penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants .
some reports suggest that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations .
his sentence was transportation to australia for seven years .
waugh writes that charles had been " in search of love in those days " when he first met Sebastian , finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , a metaphor that informs the work on a number of levels .
her notorious friendship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was also an important factor in her life .
the term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are either situated toward or grow off the side of an animal .
the word " protein " was coined by berzelius , after mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of Simple Sentence: large molecule
after thejerilderie raid , the gang laid low for 16 months evading capture .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern Simple Sentence: france
color ranges from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963, an extension was added, curving north from union station , below university avenue and queen's park to near bloor street , where it turned west to terminate at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed along the western side of the simpson desert .
it is located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both .
as the largest sub-region in Mesoamerica , it encompassed a vast and varied landscape from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google subsequently made the comic available on their site and their blog along with an explanation for the early release .
anyone may register a pedigree with the college , where they are carefully internally audited and require official proofs before being altered .
the book Political Economy was published in 1985 but had limited classroom adoption .
he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 for their first-ever performance in the soviet Union , with concerts in moscow and leningrad , and toured with the ipo again in 1994 , Simple Sentence:performing in china and india .
the austrian general mack surrenders his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm , reaping napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers .
it has been the economic centre of northern nigeria for many years and a centre for the production and export of groundnuts.
a majority of south Indian natives speak one of the five Dravidian languages — kannada, malayalam, tamil, telugu, and tulu.
meteora earned multiple awards and honor
after a brief stand-off , the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked kane and jericho .
most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .
in the 5th century, Slavs started to move into the area .
from 1900 to 1920 many new facilities were constructed on campus , including buildings for the dental and pharmacy programs , a building for the natural sciences, hill auditorium , large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls .
winchester is a city in scott county , illinois , Simple Sentence: united States
the name arzashkun seems to be the Assyrian form of an armenian name ending in -ka formed from a proper name arzash , which recalls the Simple Sentence: name arsene , arsissa , applied by the ancients to part of lake van
out of the 16,421 participants in the national casting , she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the show .
its episodes were aired on the abc network from its debut on september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
the latter device can then be used in more stringent environments .
gymnastics hired first famed colombian trainer francisco maturana , and then julio césar falcioni , but both had limited success .
Brighton is a city in Washinton County, Iowa, United States.
furthermore, she appeared in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on jun 24 1979 the 750th anniversary of the village of glinde received its town charter
pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 , and later mario vs. donkey kong 2: march of the mini s in 2006 , although the character is now described as " my friend " .
the vagina is remarkably elastic and stretches to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth .
his real date of birth was never recorded , but it is believed to have been a date between 1935 and 1939 .
this quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance  inhibitor  is needed to inhibit a given biological process or component of a process , i.e. an enzyme , cell , cell receptor or microorganism  by half .
although the name suggests that they are located in the bernese Oberland region of the canton of bern , portions of the bernese Alps are in the adjacent cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
there she had one daughter - later baptized as mary ann fisher power - to ann e power.
during an interview , edward gorey mentioned that Bawden was one of his favorite artists , lamenting the fact that not many people knew or remembered about this fine artist .
the string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can produce different notes , and every mode appears as a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable also won an academy award nomination when he portrayed Fletcher Christian in 1935's mutiny on the bounty .
