the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a militia group from the afro-arab abbala tribes of northern rizeigat in sudan , are the main forces in the armed conflict .
jeddah is the main entrance to mecca , islam 's holiest city , which muslims must visit at least once in their life .
it is believed that the great dark spot is a gap in the methane cloud layer of neptune .
his next book , saturday , follows a special day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord and , tied it to the ball , and ran quickly to the east , pulling on the cord with all his might .
he died six weeks later , on 13 january 888 .
they are similar to the coastal people of papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the winner of the kate greenaway medal has also gotten the colin mears award worth £ 5000 .
after the drummers are dancers , who usually play the sogo  a tiny drum with little sound  and have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography .
the spacecraft includes two parts : the nasa cassini orbiter , named after the italian-french astronomer giovanni domenico cassini , and the esa huygens probe , named after the dutch astronomer , mathematician and physicist christiaan huygens .
alessandro  " sandro "  mazzola  ( born 8 november 1942 ) is a former italian football player .
it was first believed that the debris from the crash filled the smaller craters .
graham studied at wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 , and graduated with a ba in anthropology .
however , the bzö is different from the freedom party in that it supports a referendum about the lisbon treaty but opposes an eu-withdrawal .
many species had disappeared by the end of the 19th century due to european settlement .
in 1987 wexler was honored with induction into the rock and roll hall of fame .
pure dextromethorphan is a white powder .
it is very hard to get into tsinghua .
today nrc is organised as a private , independent foundation .
it is on the coast of the baltic sea , and it surrounds the city of stralsund .
sports illustrated named him 1982 " sportsman of the year ".
fives is a british sport thought to come from the same source as many racquet sports .
for example , king bhumibol was born on monday , so on his birthday , thailand is decorated with yellow color .
both names were forgotten in 2007 when they were put together into the national museum of scotland .
however , tagore copied many styles , including craftwork from northern new ireland , haida carvings from british columbia , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , john f. kennedy , the presidential candidate , suggested the idea of the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she played for president reagan in 1988 's great performances at the white house series , which aired on PBS .
perry saturn and terri beat eddie guerrero and chyna to gain the wwf european championship , with saturn pinning guerrero after a diving elbow drop .
she stayed in the united states until 1927 when she and her husband went back to france .
despina was seen in late july , 1989 from the pictures taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship was held on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he wrote two sets of short stories called the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
the voyager 2 pictures show ophelia as an elongated object , the major axis pointing towards uranus .
the british chose to get rid of him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east of western australia , between the south australian border and caiguna , do not use the official western australian time .
small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used in architecture for mosaics and inlays to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
the other cities on the palos verdes peninsula that are incorporated are rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
since drek could destroy the galaxy , clank asked ratchet to help him find the superhero captain qwark , to stop drek .
it is not really a true louse .
he suggests following a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also promotes interaction design as a mainstream discipline .
it is possible that the other editors , and the administrator blocking you , are part of a conspiracy against someone far away they have never met .
working group i : looks at the scientific parts of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain is part of the hebrides , separated from the scottish mainland and from the inner hebrides by the rough waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife had a daughter , alanna marie orton , on july 12 , 2008 .
official minor planet designations are number-name combos monitored by the minor planet center , a part of the iau .
on september 30 , wind shear increased a lot and the storm began to weaken .
each entry has a datum  a piece of data  which is a copy of the datum in some backing store.
so , while some mosques do not enforce violations , both men and women must follow these guidelines when visiting a mosque .
mariel of redwall is a fantasy book by brian jacques , published in 1991 .
ryan prosser , born on july 10 , 1988 , is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
like past assessment reports , it has four reports , three of them from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre , named after pierre curie , is a well-known biochemist .
this stamp stayed the regular letter stamp for the rest of victoria 's rule , and many were printed .
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts  mma  organization called the world's first mma league.
giardia lamblia , also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis , is a microscopic parasite that lives and multiplies in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
in addition , cameron has often worked in christian-themed films , including left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he plays cameron " buck " williams .
this was the area east of the vistula river , later sometimes called " prussia proper " .
after graduating , he went back to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and then he was named artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is from the bible , especially the gospel of matthew and luke .
weelkes later ran into trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his excessive drinking and bad behaviour .
so far , the ' celebrity ' episodes have featured vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
stephen p. synnott found it in pictures from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5 , 1979 when it was orbiting around jupiter .
gomaespuma was a spanish radio program , hosted by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser .
the resistance 's release date was announced on the band's website on 16 june 2009 .
he is also part of another jungiery boyband 183 club .
one book , the apostolic tradition , written by the theologian hippolytus , said that hallel psalms were sung with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts .
in return , rollo swore loyalty to charles , became a christian , and promised to protect the northern region of france from viking raids .
it comes from voice of america  voa  special english .
disney got a full-sized oscar statuette and seven small ones , given to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid found by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is an area of the canton of graubünden , switzerland .
it is now known as bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .
this causes consumer confusion when 220  1,048,576  bytes is called 1 mb  megabyte  instead of 1 mib .
many reports have been written about the incident and its effects on ethical scholarship .
they are neutered so the animal is calmer or will gain weight faster .
seventh sons have special magical powers called " knacks " , and seventh sons of seventh sons are both rare and very strong .
passmark software benchmarking showed the 2009 version 's install time of 52 seconds , scan time of 32 seconds , and 7 mb memory use .
volterra is a town in italy's tuscany region .
until recently , it was not known that itch and pain are distinct sensations , but it was discovered that itch has some similarities to pain but also has distinct features .
the tongue is sticky due to glycoprotein-rich mucous , which both slides in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites , which stick to it .
the same tram had derailed at starr gate loop on 30 may 2006 during earlier tests .
outside the ground , statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers , are displayed .
find the square root of the variance .
volunteers gave food , blankets , water , toys for kids , massages , and a live rock band performance for people at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a town in the sarthe department of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france .
if there are no strict land use regulations , buildings are built along a bypass , turning it into a typical town road , and the bypass will eventually become as crowded as the local streets it was meant to avoid .
it is also a beginning point for those who want to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises may hurt but are usually harmless .
nobody connected with wikipedia , in any way , can be held responsible for how people use the information from the web pages .
george frideric handel also worked for george , elector of hanover  who later became george i of great britain  .
their eyes are small and they have bad vision .
only chitin is tougher than them as biological materials .
oregano is necessary for greek cooking .
tickets can be bought for national rail services , the docklands light railway and with an oyster card .
he created and released these works himself , whilst his more extensive woodcuts were mostly commissioned work .
the historical method is the way historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and write history .
it is thought that the heavy weight of the continental icecap on lake vostok adds to the high oxygen concentration .
in 2000 , the population was 89,148 .
aliteracy , sometimes spelled alliteracy , is the ability to read but being uninterested in it .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid drug used in medicine .
after that , it will detach itself and return to the river bed to eat and wait for its next meal .
additionally , studies have found that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that he or she knows , trusts , and / or cares about .
now , landis ' father is a big supporter of his son and is one of floyd 's biggest fans .
shortly after becoming a category 4 storm , the outer convection of the hurricane became disorganized .
the balance price for a certain type of labor is the wage .
believing the grounds were haunted , they chose to publish their findings in a book an adventure  1911  , using the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he lived in london , mainly teaching people .
brunstad has several fast food places , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and its own grocery store.
he left 11,000 soldiers to guard the newly taken area .
in 1438 trevi became part of the church's rule as part of the legation of perugia , and its history merged with the states of the church until 1860 when it joined the united kingdom of italy .
the depression moved inwards on the 20th without convection , and ended the next day over brazil , bringing heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was a police force in new york city from 1952 to 1995 .
the group consists of flynn (vocals, guitar ), duce (bass ), phil demmel (guitar ), and dave mcclain (drums ).
countries with a small muslim population are more likely than majority muslim countries of the greater middle east to use mosques for civic participation .
the characters are rude versions of their previous characters pete and dud .
johan was the original bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but he left before they released a studio album .
in 1998 , culver ran for iowa secretary of state and won .
in 1990 , mark messier won the hart over ray bourque by just two votes , with one first-place vote making the difference .
shade causes the main plot of the novel to start when he breaks that law , which leads to the destruction of his colony 's home , making them move early , and him to be away from them .
the female version is a daughter .
he was diagnosed with cancer in his abdomen that could not be removed in april 1999 .
before the storm came , the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks .
the type of chess played is speed chess which gives each opponent twelve minutes for the complete game .
the amazon basin is the area in south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two former presidents were later charged with mutiny and treason for their involvement in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
moderate to severe damage spread up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .
since the owner is usually not aware , these computers are compared to zombies .
the wave moved across the atlantic , and formed into a tropical depression near the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .
the associated press stylebook is updated each year .
the four accepted books are the gospel of matthew , mark , luke and john , likely written between ad 65 and 100  see also the gospel according to the hebrews  .
since the late 1800s , eschelbronn has been famous for its furniture making industry .
the top part looks like the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
unlike the clouds on earth , neptune's cirrus clouds are made of frozen methane instead of ice crystals .
they cannot fully participate until they become legally adults .
the official releases are rare , but there are usually subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use .
in 1482 the order sent him to florence , the ‘ city of his destiny ’ .
during the soviet years , the bolsheviks destroyed two of rostov's main landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral  1908  and st george cathedral in nakhichevan  1783-1807  .
he passed away on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , spain and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .
stanley l. miller and harold c. urey showed this in the miller-urey experiment in 1953 .
cogeneration , also referred to as combined heat and power ( CHP ) , is when a heat engine or a power station produces both electricity and useful heat .
sometimes the male " den master " will let a second male into the den ; the reason is unknown .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript and / or css code that can be activated by checking an option in your wikipedia settings .
here are some useful links to help your involvement .
he was the prime minister of egypt from 1945 to 1948 .
she was left behind  the reason for this is unclear  when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland .
james i chose him as a gentleman of the chapel royal , where he worked as an organist from 1615 until he died .
chauvin was embarrassed to get his award and at first said he might not take it .
later , esperanto speakers came to view the language and the culture that had grown up around it as worthy goals in and of themselves , even if esperanto was never adopted by the united nations or other international organizations .
dry air surrounding the southern side of the cyclone destroyed almost all of the deep convection by early on september 12 .
calvin baker is a novelist from america .
eva anna paula braun , also known as eva anna paula hitler , was adolf hitler's companion and wife from 6 february 1912 to 30 april 1945 .
each license has its own version number .
most irc servers do not need users to register an account but a user must set a nickname before connecting .
in that year , he also got a mechanics certificate , making him the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
summerslam 2009 is an upcoming wrestling pay-per-view event made by world wrestling entertainment  wwe  , happening on august 23, 2009 at staples center in los angeles , california .
typically bald with long whiskers , he is believed to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
some animals can change color due to their environment , either over time ermine , snowshoe hare  or quickly with chromatophores  the cephalopod family .
val venis kept the wwf intercontinental championship by winning a steel cage match against rikishi , and pinned him after tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera .
this is similar to the unix philosophy of having multiple programs do one thing well and working together through universal interfaces .
he came from a musically-inclined family ; his mother , larue , was a singer and administrative assistant , and his father , keith brion , was a band director at yale .
the most mennonites live in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states , but they also live in small communities in 51 countries around the world .
naas is an important town near dublin , with many people living in naas and working in dublin .
acanthopholis had oval plates in its skin , with spikes coming out of its neck and shoulders , and along its spine .
origin irmo was created on christmas eve in 1890 because of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
on the other hand , bills proposed by the law commission , and consolidation bills , start in the house of lords .
before vlad's final release in 1474 , when he planned the reconquest of wallachia , he lived with his wife in a house in the hungarian capital .
you can add a phrase of up to five words as a front-cover text , and a phrase of up to 25 words as a back-cover text , to the end of the list of cover texts in the changed version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is the soft tissue inside bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because blue light is scattered more efficiently than red - the same process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets .
monteux is a village in the vaucluse department of southern france , in the region provence-alpes-côte d ' azur .
macgruber begins to ask for basic items to build something to deactivate the bomb , but he is later distracted by something related to his personal life that makes him run out of time .
the piece was mostly done when messiaen died , and yvonne loriod finished the last movement's orchestration with help from george benjamin.
shi ' a muslims consider karbala to be one of the holiest cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
the pad demanded that the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat resign , which the pad believed were controlled by thaksin.
but traveling through very remote areas , on deserted roads , needs careful preparation and a dependable , suitable vehicle usually a four wheel drive .
while at kahn , he was the main architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he apologizes and says he needs to go to rehearsal , and he and dr. schön depart.
britpop came from the british independent music scene of the early 1990s and was recognised by bands inspired by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
this was added to battalions being made for xi international brigade .
the sheppard line has fewer riders than the other two subway lines , and it runs shorter trains .
it has a capacity of 98,772 people , making it the biggest stadium in europe and the 11th largest in the world .
in december 1967 , ten boom was given the title of righteous among the nations by the state of israel .
some articles are long and detailed , whereas others are shorter and lower quality .
95 species are accepted .
eugowra is said to be named after an aboriginal word meaning " the place where the sand rolls down the hill ".
words like " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are common in english .
jurisdiction comes from public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of government to give resources to help its native society .
he then wrote some other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital city of the state is aracaju  population .
yet , farrenc was paid less than her male coworkers for almost ten years .
gumbasia was made in a style vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles .
brandon waise lee , the lawyer , was his idol and mk sun became a lawyer too .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an old town near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .
donaldson joined the australian army on 18 june 2002 .
prospectors from california , europe and china were looking for gold along the peel river and up the mountain slopes .
before the pocket calculator , it was the most popular tool for calculations in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display , better battery life , faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option , and its thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  .
yoghurt is a dairy product made by bacterial fermentation of milk .
seventy-five defense players are in the hall of fame , more than any other position now , but only 35 goalies have been inducted .
other ideas about the topic have been suggested over the years  see below  , but all were rejected by the main christian groups .
the album was not allowed in many record stores nationwide .
the legs become narrower from the top to the ankle .
in late 2004 , suleman removed howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations , because of stern's frequent talks about his move to sirius satellite radio .
the company opened twice as many stores in canada than mcdonald 's " wendy 's confirms tim hortons ipo by march " , ottawa business journal , december 1 , 2005 , and total sales were higher than mcdonald 's canadian operations in 2002 .
the main character , captain caleb holt  kirk cameron  is a firefighter in albany , georgia and follows the cardinal rule of all firemen , " never leave your partner behind " .
he won the presidential election on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the votes .
the plant is a living fossil .
in 1990 , she was the only female performer allowed to perform in saudi arabia .
stravinsky first thought of composing the ballet in 1913 .
demonstrations across the nation were stopped .
offenbach 's operettas like orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène were very popular in france and english-speaking countries in the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles from the tang dynasty with this symbol were found near the ancient city of chang ' an  modern-day xian  .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux  february 13 , 1921 november 11 , 1968  , was a french musician , composer , and teacher .
according to many reports , it was nearly impossible to control the instrument .
santa maria maggiore  st. mary the greater  is the oldest existing church in assisi .
radar observations show a mostly iron-nickel composition .
railway gazette international is a monthly magazine covering the railway , metro , light rail , and tram industries around the globe .
he was given the title of companion of honour  ch  in 1988 .
loèche has the buildings of onyx , the swiss system for getting electronic intelligence .
a matchbook is a small cardboard folder that holds some matches and has a rough surface on the outside .
she was one of the earliest doctors to oppose cigarette smoking near children , and drug use in pregnant women .
defiantly , she promised not to give up the commune , and challenged the judges to give her the death penalty .
there is a three-volume manga series in English about graystripe between dawn, when he was taken by twolegs, and the sight, when he returned to thunderclan.
samovar & porter  1994  , p . 84 syrians did not live in one area ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers met and spoke with americans regularly .
he was also well-known for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden metalwork furniture .
during childhood she had two collapsed lungs , she got pneumonia 4-5 times a year , a ruptured appendix , and a tonsillar cyst .
dr. david lindenmeyer  australian national university  claims that the need for nest boxes shows that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable , for species like leadbeater 's possum that rely on hollows .
the montreal canadiens are a hockey team in montreal , quebec , canada .
small value inductors can also be made on integrated circuits using the same methods used to make transistors .
the word gribble was first used for the wood-boring species , especially the one from norway described by rathke in 1799 , limnoria lignorum .
wounds caused by a club are usually called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
after that , the county's business was done in duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has done a quadruple axel in competition yet .
the port jackson district commandant could talk to all military bases on the harbour through the telephone exchange .
however , even people who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying must still follow rules .
it is said to have a pointy face and be as big as a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by how much work a computer system can do in comparison to the time and resources taken to do it .
some of the biggest reservoirs in the world are on the volga .
the crosier stands for the monasteries in the area .
human skin colors can vary from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , supported yunus to legally start the bank with a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer said that saddam would be tried , but the details of the trial had not been decided yet .
the professional hockey writers ' association vote for the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
tajikistan, turkmenistan and uzbekistan border afghanistan to the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south and china to the east .
nupedia was started on march 9 , 2000 , by bomis , inc , a web portal company .
important parts of the design include key-dependent s-boxes and a very complicated key schedule .
iain grieve , born 19 february , 1987 in jwaneng , botswana , plays rugby union as a back-rower for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
other towns near by are pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
murray gell-mann and george zweig proposed the quark model in 1964 .
the fourth ring has golden garlands and was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its current location .
west berlin had its own postal service , different from west germany 's , and released its own postage stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro botticelli , done in 1482 .
sydney is the biggest city and capital of new south wales .
the polymer is usually epoxy , but also other polymers such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon can be used .
the name still exists as a brand for a related digital tv channel , digital radio station , and website which survived the end of the printed magazine .
when he was 4.5 years old , he had to take care of himself on the streets of northern italy for the next 4 years , living in different orphanages and wandering through towns with groups of other homeless kids .
seats were added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground was modernized .
a town may still be called a market town or with market rights even if it doesn't hold a market , as long as it still has the right to do so .
a fortification on the eastern side was built later .
on july 29 , the battle of stiklestad took place in norway , where olav haraldsson lost to his pagan vassals and was killed .
some people think that the nkvd got rid of tresca as a punishment for criticizing the stalin regime of the soviet union .
this led to montenegro and serbia becoming independent countries .
use html and css markup carefully and only for a good reason .
schuschnigg said publicly that reports of riots were false .
addiscombe is a neighborhood in the london borough of croydon , england .
depending on the context , another similar meaning of constituent is someone who lives in the area governed , represented , or served by a politician ; sometimes this is limited to those who voted for the politician .
prunk is part of the institute of european history in mainz , and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn .
stallone had a short role in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead , the crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the " hovercraft " and filmed the scene while driving up templin highway north of santa clarita .
the conference papers were published the following year in a bookmicroeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al .
wario land is a platforming series that began with wario land : super mario land 3 , a spin-off of the super mario land series .
frédéric chopin's opus 57 is a lullaby for solo piano .
these attacks may have been mental rather than physical .
a historian said that quinine allowed colonists to move to the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa .
furthermore , spectroscopic studies have found evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which show a stony surface composition .
she was the main editor of her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury looks like the moon : it has lots of craters , flat areas , no moons , and no real atmosphere .
geography the town is in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
these places are good homes for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull.
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was controlled by the turkish and afghan governors from the delhi sultanate before the mughals arrived in 1608 .
the prime minister stays in power only if they keep the lower house's support .
rowling thinks this scene is important because it shows harry 's bravery , and by bringing back cedric's body , he shows selflessness and compassion .
on june 1 , 1972 , he and two other raf members , jan-carl raspe and holger meins , were caught after a long gunfight in frankfurt .
they formed new music manchester , a group that supports modern music .
the powerful and concentrated hurricane caused extreme destruction in the upper florida keys , as a storm surge of 18 to 20 feet hit the area .
now it is the place of meher baba 's samadhi  tomb-shrine  and also includes facilities and accommodations for pilgrims .
the broken dome of the main church has been fully repaired .
in 2005 , meissner became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in a contest .
salem is a city in essex county , massachusetts .
49 varieties of pipefish and 9 types of seahorse have been found .
saint martin is a tropical island in the northeast caribbean , about 300 km  186 miles  away from puerto rico .
so , these pdfs can not be shared without more changes if they have pictures .
in april 1862 , ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger for joining in an armed robbery with frank gardiner .
it rained heavily in some parts of britain on october 5, leading to flooding in some areas .
version 2009.1 comes with a usb installer to make a live usb , where the user's settings and personal data can be saved if wanted .
according to their strength in the federal assembly , the seats were divided like this : free democratic party  fdp  : 2 members , christian democratic people 's party  cvp  : 2 members , social democratic party  sp  : 2 members , and swiss people 's party  svp  : 1 member .
a fee is what someone pays for services , especially a payment to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other professional .
ohio state has 21 libraries located on its columbus campus .
in other news , iceland and greenland accepted the authority of norway , but scotland defended against a norse attack and made a good peace agreement .
the songs from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking ".
in april 2000 , minix became free and open source software under a permissive free software licence , but other operating systems had become more advanced , so it stayed mainly for students and hobbyists .
the body color varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and sometimes , it has dark brown spots , especially on the limbs .
the britannica was mainly a scottish project , as shown by its thistle logo , the floral symbol of scotland .
the area of the warning that was issued on september 22 was increased southwards as jose strengthened , before being canceled shortly after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune said that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders confirmed they used mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the beginning of battle .
the latter gave viewers the same type of information later given by intertitles , and can help historians see what the movie was like .
this is because assets in the underground economies of the third world like real estate and businesses can not be used to borrow money to finance industrial and commercial growth .
he ran away from sydney cove a few times before being killed in 1796 .
ned and dan went to the police camp and ordered them to surrender .
before the second game began , the press said the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance was not as good as veeck's usual promotional work .
in a video to support charity equality now joss whedon said that " fray is not done , it is coming back .
a mutant is a kind of character in comic books published by marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test ( formerly scholastic aptitude test and scholastic assessment test ) is a test for college admissions in the united states .
civil unrest in northern italy created the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering groups of flagellants .
some reports say that many things can cause paralysis and hallucinations .
his punishment was to be sent to australia for seven years .
waugh said that charles was looking for love when he first met sebastian , and found " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , a metaphor that is important in the book .
her well-known friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also significant in her life .
the term dorsal means structures situated or growing on the back of an animal .
berzelius named the word " protein " after mulder noticed that all proteins have the same formula and could be made from a single kind of very big molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang hid for 16 months to avoid being caught .
barneville-la-bertran is a town in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region of northwest france .
the color can be orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 an addition was made , going north from union station , under university avenue and queen 's park to almost bloor street , where it curved west to end at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , part of the commonwealth railways central australian line went down the western side of the simpson desert .
it sits on an old path which went west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy may be in danger of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both .
mesoamerica's biggest sub-region , it included a wide range of scenes , from the mountainous areas of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google posted the comic on google books and their website and talked about it on its official blog with an explanation for the early release .
anyone can register a pedigree with the college , where it is checked with care and needs official proofs before changing .
the book , political economy , was released in 1985 , but had little use in classrooms .
he toured with the ipo in 1990 for their first-ever performance in the soviet union , with concerts in moscow and leningrad , and again in 1994 , performing in china and india .
in the napoleonic wars , austrian general mack surrendered his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm , giving napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and causing 10,000 casualties for the losers .
it has always been the economic center of northern nigeria , and a place for making and shipping groundnuts .
most south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora won the band many awards and honors .
after a short pause , the wwf cavalry changed direction and attacked kane and jericho .
richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman wrote most of the songs .
in the 5th century , slavs began to move into the area .
from 1900 to 1920, many new buildings were built on campus , including places for the dental and pharmacy programs , a chemistry building , a building for the natural sciences , hill auditorium , big hospital and library complexes , and two dorms .
winchester is a city in illinois , united states .
the name arzashkun appears to be the assyrian version of an armenian name ending in -ka formed from a proper name arzash , which is similar to the name arsene , arsissa , used by the ancients for part of lake van .
out of 16,421 people in the national casting , she was one of the 15 chosen to appear on the tv show .
its shows were aired on the abc network from its start on september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
the last device can be made and used in calmer places .
gimnasia hired first famous colombian trainer francisco maturana , and then julio césar falcioni , but neither of them had much success .
brighton is a city in washington county , iowa .
also , she was in a few music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24 1979 , glinde was given its town charter for its 750th anniversary .
pauline came back in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 and later mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , but she is now called " mario 's friend " .
the vagina is very stretchy and can expand many times its normal size during childbirth .
his exact birthdate was never recorded , but it is thought to be between 1935 and 1939 .
this number shows how much of a drug or other substance inhibitor is needed to stop a biological process or part of a process , like an enzyme , cell , cell receptor or microorganism , by half .
although it suggests that they are in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern , parts of the bernese alps are in the bordering cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
there he had a daughter , later named mary ann fisher power , to ann e power .
during an interview , edward gorey said that bawden was one of his favorite artists , regretting that not many people remembered or knew about this artist .
the string can vibrate in different ways just like a guitar string can make different notes , and each mode looks like a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable got an academy award nomination when he played fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .
