one side of the armed conflicts is composed of the sudanese military and the janjaweed militia group , a sudanese group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
jeddah is the main gateway to Mecca , the holiest city in Islam , which is required by able-bodied Muslims to visit at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is thought to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of neptune .
his next work is called saturday and follows an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord and , attaching it to the ball , quickly crawled away to the east , pulling on the cord with all his strength .
he died six weeks later , on january 888 .
they are similar to the coastal people of papua new guinea in terms of their culture.
Since 2000, the Kate Greenaway Medal recipient has also been given the Colin Mears Award, worth £5000.
following the drummers are dancers who often play the sogo — a tiny drum that makes almost no sound and has more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography .
the spacecraft consists of two main parts : the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe .
alessandro " sandro " mazzola was born on 8 november 1942 .
it was originally thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham attended wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 and graduated with a bachelor's degree in anthropology .
however , the bzö differs slightly from the freedom party , as it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty but against an EU withdrawal .
many species had disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century due to European settlement .
in 1987 wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame .
dextromethorphan is a white powder in its pure form .
Admission to Tsinghua is extremely competitive .
today nrc is an independent , private foundation .
it is located on the coast of the baltic sea , enclosing the city of stralsund .
he was also named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated .
five is a sport that originated in britain and is believed to be derived from the same origins as many racquet sports.
for example , king bhumibol was born on monday , so throughout thailand on his birthday, the color yellow will be displayed .
both names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of scotland .
nevertheless , tagore adapted numerous styles including craftwork from northern new ireland , haida carvings from the west coast of canada , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate john f. kennedy proposed the idea of what became the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she performed for president reagan in 1988 in the great performances at the white house series , which aired on the public broadcasting service .
perry saturn defeated eddie guerrero with terri  to win the wwf european championship 8:10 saturn pinned Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
she stayed in the united states until 1927 when she and her husband returned to france .
despina was found in late july 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he also completed two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious tales and seven strange and ghostly tales .
at the voyager 2 probe images of ophelia , she appears as an elongated object , with the major axis pointing towards uranus .
the british decided to kill him and take the land by force .
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in the south-east corner of Western Australia, between the South Australian Border almost as far as Cairnuna, do not follow official Western Australian time.
in architectural decoration , small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays , which have been used to decorate walls , furniture , and boxes .
the other cities on the palos verdes peninsula are rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates , and rolling hills .
clank fears that drek will destroy the galaxy and asks ratchet to help him find captain qwark , in an effort to stop drek .
it is not actually a true louse .
he advocates for applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also works to make interaction design more mainstream .
it is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you , and the administrator who blocked you , are part of a conspiracy against someone who is half a world away they ' ve never met in person .
working group i assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain is part of the hebrides , separated from the mainland and the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on july 12 , 2008 .
formal minor planet designations are numbered name combinations overseen by the minor planet center , a branch of the iau .
by early on september 30 , wind shear started to dramatically increase and a weakening trend started .
each entry in the database has a datum which is a copy of the datum in some backing store .
because of this , although many mosques will not enforce violations , both men and women must adhere to these guidelines when attending a mosque.
mariel of redwall is a novel by brian jacques , published in 1991 .
ryan prosser was born on 10 July 1988 and is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
like previous assessment reports , it includes four reports - three from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot is a biochemist who was named after pierre curie .
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of victoria's reign , and vast quantities were printed .
the international fight league was a american mixed martial arts promotion billed as the world's first mma league .
giardia lamblia is synonymous with lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonizes and reproduces in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
aside from this , cameron has also often worked in christian-themed productions , such as the post-rapture films left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he plays cameron " buck " williams .
this was the eastern area east of the mouth of the vistula river , later sometimes called "prussia proper"
after he graduated from college he returned to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew and the gospel of luke .
Weelkes was later to find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and wild behavior.
so far the ' celebrity ' episodes have included vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
it was found by stephen p. synnott in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5 , 1979 while orbiting around jupiter .
gomaespuma was a show hosted by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser in spanish .
on june 16 , 2009 , the official release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website
he is also a member of another boyband 183 club .
the apostolic tradition , attributed to the theologian hippolytus , states that early christian feast celebrations included the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain .
in return for his help , rollo swore fealty to charles and converted to christianity , and undertook to defend the northern region of france against the incursions of other viking groups .
it is a product of voice of america voa  special english .
disney was given a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid to be found by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of graubünden , Switzerland
it has stayed the same as Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic .
this causes consumer confusion when 220,000,000 bytes is referenced as 1MB instead of 1MB .
the incident has been the subject of numerous reports about ethics in scholarship .
they are castrated so that the animal may be more obedient or may put on weight more quickly .
seventh sons have special "knacks" , and seventh sons of seventh sons are both exceptionally rare and powerful .
Benchmarking conducted by Passmark Software has highlighted the 2009 version's 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 MB memory utilization.
volterra is a town in the tuscany region of Italy .
historically , the sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be completely separate until recently , where it was found that itch shares several features with pain , but exhibits notable differences .
the tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous - which both lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites - which adhere to it .
the same tram derailed on May 30 2006 at Starr Gate Loop during previous trials .
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers , outside the ground .
take the square root of the variance .
volunteers gave food , blankets , water , toys , massages , and a live rock band performance to those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern France .
if there are no strong land use controls , buildings are built along a bypass , turning it into an ordinary town road , and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid .
it is also a great place to start if you're wanting to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises often cause pain but are not usually dangerous
none of the authors , contributors , sponsors , administrators , vandals , or anyone else connected with wikipedia can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages .
george frideric handel was also the conductor for george , elector of hanover who later became george i of great britain .
their eyes are tiny , and their visual acuity is poor .
they are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin .
oregano is an essential ingredient in greek cuisine .
tickets can be sold for national rail services , the docklands light railway and on the oyster card .
these works he produced and published himself , whilst his woodcuts were mostly commissioned work .
the historical method comprises the techniques and guidelines historians use to research and write history .
the weight of the continent sitting on top of lake vostok is thought to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .
as of 2000 , the population was 89,148 people .
aliteracy is the state of being able to read but not being interested in doing so .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound that is used as a pharmaceutical .
it will then detach itself and sink back to the river bed in order to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
furthermore , research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know , trust , and care about .
today , landis ' father is a staunch supporter of his son and regards himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans .
shortly after attaining hurricane status , the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged .
the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage .
convinced that the grounds were haunted , they decided to publish their findings in a book , an adventure 1911 , under the pseudonym of elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he settled in london and became a teacher primarily devoted to practical instruction .
brunstad has several fast food restaurants , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and its own grocery store .
he left a detachment of 11,000 soldiers to garrison the newly acquired region .
in 1438 trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia , and thenceforth its history merged first with that of the states of the church , then with the united kingdom of italy in 1860 .
the depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation without convection, and dissipated the next day over brazil, where it caused heavy rains and flooding.
the new york city housing authority police department was a police department in new york city that existed from 1952 to 1995
the current lineup of the band is flynn vocals , guitar , duce bass , phil demmel guitar , and dave mcclain drums .
advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation .
the characters are foul-mouthed versions of their earlier characters pete and dud .
johan was also the original bassist for the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but quit before the band ever released a studio album .
in 1998 , culver ran for secretary of state in iowa and won .
in 1990 , mark messier took the hart over ray bourque by a margin of two votes . The difference being a single first-place vote .
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he defies a law , and inadvertently initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home , forcing their premature migration , and his separation from them .
the female equivalent is a daughter .
he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April 1999
prior to the arrival of the storm , the national park service closed visitor centers and campsites along the Outer Banks .
the form of chess played is speed chess in which each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game .
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
extensive damage was caused up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .
because the owner is usually unaware , these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies .
the wave traveled across the atlantic , and formed into a tropical depression off the northern coast of haiti on september 13th
for example , the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated yearly .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke , and gospel of john , probably written between ad 65 and 100 see also the gospel according to the hebrews .
since the end of the 19th century eschelbronn has become well-known for its furniture manufacturing industry .
the upper half of the logo also resembles the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
unlike the clouds on earth , which are made of crystals of ice , neptune's cirrus clouds are composed of crystals of frozen methane .
their participation is limited until they reach the legal age .
development releases are rare , but there are often snapshots that are stable enough to use .
finally in 1482 the order dispatched him to Florence , the ‘ city of his destiny ’ .
in the soviet years , the bolsheviks destroyed two of rostov 's most important landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral in 1908 and st george cathedral in nakhichevan in 1783-1807.
he died on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , spain and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .
this was shown in the miller-urey experiment by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953 .
cogeneration is the use of a heat engine or a power station to generate both electricity and useful heat simultaneously .
on occasion, the male " den master " will also allow a second male into the den ; the reason for this is unclear .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript or css snippet that can be enabled simply by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
below are some helpful links to get you started .
he was the prime minister of egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948 .
she was left behind explanations for this vary when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland .
James I appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal in 1615 and he served as an organist until his death .
chauvin was embarrassed when he was awarded his award and initially indicated that he may not accept it .
later , Esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as an end in themselves , even if Esperanto is never adopted by the united nations or other international organizations .
deep convection was lost early on september 12 due to dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone .
calvin baker is an american author .
braun , eva anna paula died eva anna paula hitler 6 february 1912 – 30 april 1945 was the longtime companion and then wife of adolf hitler .
each version of the license is given a unique version number .
most irc servers don't require users to register an account , but a user will have to set a nickname before being connected .
that same year , he also received a mechanics certificate , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
Summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), which will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
usually shown as having baldness , long whiskers , he is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
a few animals have a chromatic response ; they change color in different environments, either seasonally, like ermine, or more rapidly, like cephalopods in their integument, the cephalopod family.
val venis won a steel cage match against rikishi to retain the wwf intercontinental championship at 14:10 venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera.
this philosophy is similar to the unix philosophy of having multiple programs that each do one thing well and working together over universal interfaces .
he was born into a musical family ; his mother , larue , was an administrative assistant and singer , and his father , keith brion , was a band director at yale .
the largest populations of mennonites are in canada , the democratic republic of congo and the united states , but mennonites can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the populace of those countries .
naas is a major " Dublin suburb " town with many people living in Naas and working in Dublin .
acanthopholis armor consisted of oval plates set horizontally into the skin with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area, along the spine.
origin irmo was founded on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
on the other hand , bills proposed by the law commission , and consolidation bills , start in the house of lords .
in the years before his final release in 1474 , when he began preparations for the reconquest of wallachia , vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital .
you may add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text , and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text , to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip, illinois.
bone marrow is the soft tissue found in the hollow interior of bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red  the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets .
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse department in southern france , in the area of Provence-Alpes-Côte d ' Azur .
macgruber starts asking for simple objects to disarm the bomb , but he is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life that makes him run out of time .
this was finished when messiaen died , and yvonne loriod undertook the orchestration with advice from george benjamin .
shi'ites consider karbala to be one of their holiest cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
the petition called for the resignation of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej, and somchai wongsawat , whom the petition accused of being proxies for thaksin .
however , in order to travel through very remote areas successfully , it is often necessary to have advance planning and a reliable vehicle - usually a 4 wheel drive .
while at kahn he was the chief architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he excuses himself and dr. schön leaves for rehearsal .
britpop emerged from the british independent music scene in the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s
this was merged into battalions being formed for xi international brigade .
the sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines , and shorter trains are run .
it has a capacity of 98,772 people , making it the largest stadium in europe and the eleventh largest in the world .
in December of 1967 , ten boom was honored as a righteous among the nations by the state of israel
some articles are long and detailed while others are shorter and may be less detailed .
about 95 species are currently accepted .
eugowra is said to be named after the australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill " .
terms such as " undies " and " movie " are often heard in english .
jurisdiction is based on public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society .
he followed this with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha , and hiawatha's departure .
the capital of the state is aracaju with a population of .
despite this , farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade .
gumbasia was created in a style taught by vorkapich called kinesthetic film principles .
the lawyer brandon waise lee became his idol and mk sun grew up to be a lawyer .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a historic township located near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .
military career donaldson enlisted in the australian army on june 18th 2002 .
prospectors from california , europe , and china were also digging along the peel river and up the mountain slopes .
before the invention of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 features a 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches 9.1 millimeters .
yoghurt is a dairy product that is produced by bacterial fermentation of milk .
seventy-five players are in the hall of fame , more than any other position , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries , but all were rejected by mainstream christian bodies .
the album was banned from many record stores nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle .
in late 2004 , suleman made headlines by cutting howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations , citing stern 's frequent discussions Simple Sentence: about his upcoming move to sirius satellite radio .
the company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's " Wendy's confirms Tim Hortons IPO by March ", Ottawa Business Journal, Dec. 1, 2005, and system-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002.
plot captain caleb holt kirk cameron is a firefighter in albany, georgia, and he strictly keeps the cardinal rule of all firemen, "never leave your partner behind."
he won the presidential election on 2 march 2008 with a majority of 71.25 % of the popular vote .
the plant is an extinct species that is still living.
in 1990 , she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia .
the orchestration of stravinsky was first conceived of in 1913 .
protests in different parts of the nation were suppressed .
offenbach's numerous operettas, such as orpheus in the underworld, and la belle hélène, were extremely popular in both France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
roof tiles from the tang dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of chang'an and modern-day xian.
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux was born on february 13 , 1921 and died on november 11 , 1968 french organist , pianist , composer , and Simple Sentence: pedagogue .
by most accounts , the instrument was nearly impossible to play .
st. mary maggiore  , santa maria maggiore st. mary the greater  , and st. mary minor are the three oldest churches in assisi .
radar observations show a fairly pure iron-nickel composition .
railway gazette international is a business journal covering the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries worldwide .
he was appointed companion of honour in 1988 .
loèche harbour houses the installations of onyx , the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small booklet of matches and a cover folder with a coarse striking surface on the outside .
she was one of the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking and drug use around children and pregnant women .
defiantly , she vowed never to renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
there is a three volume manga series called graystripe 's trilogy that follows graystripe between the time that he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
samovar & porter 1994 , p. 84 Syrians did not congregate in urban enclaves ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis .
he was also famous for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden metalwork furniture .
during her childhood she suffered from collapsed lungs twice , she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year , a ruptured appendix , and had a tonsillar cyst .
dr. david lindenmeyer australian national university has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable , for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater's possum .
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in montreal, canada.
Small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors.
the term gribble was originally given to the wood-boring species, especially the first species described from Norway by rathke in 1799, limnoria lignorum.
the wounds inflicted with a club are generally known as bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries
thereafter, the county's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has yet accomplished a quadruple axel in a competition .
from the telephone exchange , the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour , including the naval base .
however , even if someone enters the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying , there are still rules that apply .
it is described as sharp-pointed and about the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by how much work the computer system can complete in comparison to how long and resources it used .
some of the largest reservoirs in the world are found along the volga .
the crosier symbolizes the monasteries of the region .
human skin colors can range from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank helped yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation.
bremer reported that he planned to put saddam on trial , but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined .
the Professional Hockey Writers Association selects the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
Tajikistan , Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan to the north , Iran to the west , Pakistan to the south and the People's Republic of China to the east .
nupedia was founded on march 9 , 2000 by bomis , inc .
notable features of the design include a key-dependent s-boxes and a highly complex key schedule .
iain grieve , born on 19th February 1987 in jwaneng, botswana, is a rugby union back-rower for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership.
other nearby settlements are pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was proposed by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938-1939 when the column was moved to its present location .
west berlin had its own postal service , separate from west germany 's , which issued its own postage stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro botticelli, c.1482.
new south wales 's largest city and capital is sydney
the polymer is most often epoxy , but other polymers also include polyester , vinyl ester or nylon
the name lives on as a brand for a related digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which have survived the demise of the printed magazine .
at four-and-a-half years old he was abandoned on the streets of northern italy for the next four years , living in various orphanages and roaming through towns with other homeless children .
stands were eventually added behind each goal during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernised .
A town may be correctly described as either a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market , provided the right to do so still exists .
a bastion was built later on the eastern approaches.
Events on July 29-30 - the Battle of Stiklestad in Norway : Olav Haraldsson loses to his pagan vassals and is killed in the battle .
others have speculated that tresca was eliminated by the NKVD as retribution for critical criticism of the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union .
this led to both montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries .
use html and css markup only when necessary and with good reason .
schuschnigg responded quickly that reports of riots were false .
addiscombe is an area in the London borough of Croydon , England
depending on the context , another closely-related meaning of constituent is that of a citizen residing in the area governed , represented , or otherwise served by a politician ; sometimes this is Simple Sentence: restricted to citizens who elected the politician .
prunk is a member of the institute of european history in mainz and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn .
alfredo stallone also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead , the crew fashioned a trailer with a cantilevered arm and shot the scene while riding up templin highway north of santa clarita .
the conference papers were published the next year in a bookmicroeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al .
wario land is a platforming series that started with wario land : super mario land 3 , a spin-off of the super mario land series .
frédéric chopin 's opus 57 is a lullaby for solo piano .
these attacks may have been psychological in nature rather than physical .
a historian said that " quinine's efficacy gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast, nigeria, and other parts of west africa " .
furthermore , spectroscopic studies have shown that there are hydrated minerals and silicates , which indicates a surface composition consisting of rocks .
she became the authoritative editor of his works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury is similar in appearance to the moon : it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains , doesn't have any natural satellites , and has no substantial atmosphere .
Geography: The town is located in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zürich.
these habitats are ideal for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was ruled by the turkish and afghan governors descending from the delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608 .
the prime minister is only in office as long as they have the support of the lower house
for rowling , this scene is important because it shows harry 's bravery and by retrieving cedric 's corpse , he demonstrates selflessness and compassion .
on june 1 , 1972 , he and fellow raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in frankfurt .
together they formed new music manchester , a band committed to contemporary music .
the intense and compact hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper florida keys , causing a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet.
it is now the site of meher baba's samadhi tomb-shrine as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
the collapsed dome of the main church has been restored entirely .
in 2005 , meissner became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition .
salem is a city in essex county in massachusetts, united states.
forty-nine different types of pipefish and nine different types of seahorse have been found .
saint martin is an island in the northeast Caribbean , approximately 300 kilometers east of Puerto Rico .
therefore , these PDFs cannot be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images .
in april 1862 , ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger for participating in an armed robbery while in the company of frank gardiner .
heavy rain fell across parts of britain on october 5 , causing localized accumulation of flood waters .
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb , where the user's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired .
in relation to their respective strength in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows: free democratic party: 2 members, christian democratic people's party: 2 members, social democratic party: 2 members, and swiss people's party: 1 member.
a fee is the amount one pays for services , usually the honorarium paid to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other professional .
ohio state 's library system includes twenty-one libraries located on its columbus campus .
in other news , iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway , but Scotland was able to repulse a Norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement .
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking "
in april 2000 , minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence , but by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities , and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists .
the body color can be ranging from a medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and occasionally, it is marked with dark brown spots especially on the limbs .
the britannica was originally a scottish enterprise , as symbolized by its thistle logo , the floral emblem of Scotland .
the area covered by the warning issued on september 22 was extended southwards when jose intensified , before being canceled soon after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune claimed that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the Simple Sentence: initial stages of combat .
the intertitles that followed the films provided audiences with the sort of information later provided by scene descriptions , and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like .
that's because real estate , businesses , and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can not be used as collateral to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion .
he bolted from sydney cove several times before he was shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan ordered the police to surrender .
before the second game had started , the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance hadn't been up to veeck 's usual promotional standard .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now, joss whedon confirmed that " fray is not done, fray is coming back.
a mutant is a type of character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test is a standardized test for college admissions in the united states .
Civil unrest in northern Italy leads to the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants .
there are reports that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations .
his sentence was transportation to australia for seven years .
waugh writes that charles had been " in search of love " when he first met Sebastian , finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , a metaphor that informs the work on a number of levels .
her notorious friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also an important part of her life .
the term dorsal is used to describe anatomical structures that are situated towards or grow off that side of an animal .
the term "protein" was coined by berzelius after mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be Simple Sentence: composed of a single type of very large molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang went into hiding for 16 months evading capture .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region of northwestern France .
color can range from orange to pale yellow .
an extension was added in 1963 , curving north from union station , below university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street , where it turned west to terminate at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed through the western side of the simpson desert .
it is located on an old portage trail which lead west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death .
as one of the largest subregions in mesoamerica , it encompassed a vast and varied landscape from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google subsequently made the comic available on google books and their website, and mentioned it on its official blog along with an explanation for the early release.
anyone can register a pedigree with the college , where they are carefully internally audited and require official proofs before being changed .
the book , political economy , was published in 1985 but didn't gain much classroom adoption .
he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 for their first performance in the soviet union , with concerts in moscow and leningrad , and toured with the ipo again in 1994 , performing in china and india .
napoleonic wars : austrian general mack surrenders his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm , resulting in the capture of 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the loser .
it has been the economic center of northern nigeria for a long time , and is also known for its production and export of groundnuts .
a majority of south Indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora was successful and received multiple awards and honors .
after a brief standoff , the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked kane and jericho .
most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .
in the 5th century, Slavs started to move into the area .
from 1900-1920 many new facilities were constructed on campus, including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, hill auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
winchester is a city in scott county in illinois , united states .
the name arzashkun seems to be the Assyrian form of an Armenian name that ends in -ka, formed from a proper name arzash, which recalls the name Arsene, Arsissa, applied by the ancients to part of Lake Van.
out of 16,421 participants in the national casting , she was chosen among the 15 contestants to appear on the tv show .
its episodes were aired on the abc network from its debut on september 21st , 1993 to march 1st , 2005 .
the latter device can be designed and used in less stringent environments .
gimnasia hired the first famed colombian trainer francisco maturana , and then julio césar falcioni , but both had limited success .
brighton is a city in washington county in the state of iowa in the united states .
furthermore , she has appeared in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24 , 1979 the 750th anniversary of the village glinde , it received its town charter .
pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 , and later mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , although she is now described as " mario's friend " .
the vagina stretches to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth .
it is believed that his real date of birth was never recorded , but it is believed to be in the range of 1935-1939 .
this quantitative measure indicates how much of a drug or other substance inhibitor is needed to inhibit a given biological process or component by half .
although the name suggests that they are in the bernese Oberland region of the canton of Bern , portions of the Bernese Alps are in the adjacent cantons of Valais , Lucerne , Obwalden , Fribourg and Vaud .
there he had one daughter named mary ann fisher power .
during an interview , edward gorey mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists , lamenting the fact that few people remembered or knew about this fine artist .
the string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can produce different notes , and every mode appears as a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable also received an academy award nomination when he portrayed fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .
