one side of the war mainly consists of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group mainly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
jeddah is the main entry to mecca , islam's holiest city , which able-bodied muslims must visit at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is believed to be a gap in the methane cloud layer of neptune .
his next book , saturday , follows a very exciting day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord and , attached it to the ball , crawled quickly eastward , pulling hard on the cord .
he died six weeks later , on 13 january 888 , there .
they share a similar culture to the coastal people of papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the winner of the kate greenaway medal also receives the colin mears award worth £ 5000 .
after the drummers are dancers , who sometimes play the sogo  a quiet drum  and normally have intricate — even acrobatic — choreography .
the spacecraft is made up of two main parts : the nasa cassini orbiter , named after the italian-french astronomer giovanni domenico cassini , and the esa huygens probe , named after the dutch astronomer , mathematician and physicist christiaan huygens .
alessandro "sandro" mazzola was born on 8 november 1942 and is a former italian football player .
it was thought that the debris from the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham went to wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 , graduating with a ba in anthropology .
but , the bzö is a bit different than the freedom party , as it is for a referendum about the lisbon treaty but against an eu-withdrawal.
many species were gone by the end of the nineteenth century , due to european settlement .
in 1987 wexler was given the honor of being in the rock and roll hall of fame .
in its pure form , dextromethorphan is a white powder .
getting into tsinghua is very hard .
today nrc is organized as an independent , private foundation .
it is located on the coast of the baltic sea , with the city of stralsund inside it .
he was also chosen as the 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated .
fives is a british sport thought to come from the same source as many racquet sports .
for example , king bhumibol was born on monday , so his birthday will be celebrated with yellow decorations throughout thailand .
both names ended in 2007 when they merged into the national museum of scotland .
however, tagore copied various styles , including craftwork from northern new ireland , haida carvings from the west coast of canada  british columbia  , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate john f. kennedy suggested the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she played for president reagan in the 1988 great performances at the white house series , which aired on the public broadcasting service .
perry saturn and terri beat eddie guerrero and chyna to win the wwf european championship , 8:10 , and saturn pinned guerrero after a diving elbow drop .
she stayed in the united states until 1927 when she and her husband returned to france .
despina was spotted in late july , 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship happened on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he also wrote two sets of short stories called the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
voyager 2 images show ophelia as an elongated object , with its major axis pointing towards uranus .
the british chose to get rid of him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east part of western australia , between the south australian border and caiguna , do not use western australian time .
in architectural decoration , small pieces of coloured and iridescent shell are used to make mosaics and inlays , used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
the other cities on the palos verdes peninsula that are incorporated are rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
fearing that drek will ruin the galaxy , clank requests ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark , to stop drek .
it is not really a real louse .
he suggests using a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also promoting interaction design as a mainstream discipline .
it is possible that the other editors who reported you , and the admin who blocked you , could be part of a conspiracy against someone they never met in person from half a world away .
working group i : examines scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain is part of the hebrides , seperated from the scottish mainland and the inner hebrides by the rough waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife had a daughter , alanna marie orton , on july 12 , 2008 .
official minor planet designations are number-name pairs supervised by the minor planet center , a branch of the iau .
early on september 30 , wind shear started to rise sharply and the storm began to weaken .
each entry has a datum  a piece of data  which is a copy of the datum in some storage .
so , although many mosques do not enforce violations , both men and women must follow these guidelines when visiting a mosque .
mariel of redwall is a fantasy book by brian jacques , published in 1991 .
ryan prosser ( born 10 july , 1988 ) is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
like earlier reports , it has four reports , three of them from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot , who was called after pierre curie , is a famous biochemist .
this stamp stayed the same letter stamp for the rest of victoria 's reign , and many were printed .
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts  mma  promotion called as the world 's first mma league .
giardia lamblia ( also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis ) is a flagellated protozoan parasite that lives and multiplies in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
in addition to this , cameron has often worked in christian-themed productions , such as the post-rapture films left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he plays cameron " buck " williams .
this was the region east of the vistula river , later sometimes called " prussia proper " .
after graduating , he went back to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was chosen as the artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the christmas story is based on the bible stories in the gospel of matthew and the gospel of luke .
weelkes later had issues with the chichester cathedral authorities because of his heavy drinking and inappropriate behavior .
so far the ' celebrity ' episodes have featured vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
stephen p. synnott discovered it in pictures from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5 , 1979 while orbiting around jupiter .
gomaespuma was a spanish radio show , presented by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser .
on 16 june 2009 , the public release date of the resistance was posted on the band's website .
he is also in another jungiery boyband called 183 club .
the apostolic tradition , said to be by the theologian hippolytus , said that hallel psalms were sung with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts .
in return , rollo promised loyalty to charles , converted to christianity , and promised to protect the northern region of france from other viking groups .
it comes from voice of america  voa  special english .
disney was given a full-size oscar statuette and seven small ones , given to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid found by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is an administrative area in the canton of graubünden , switzerland .
it continues as bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .
this causes confusion for customers when 220  1,048,576  bytes is referred to as 1 mb  megabyte  instead of 1 mib .
the incident has been discussed in many reports on ethics in scholarship .
they are castrated so the animal can be calmer or gain weight faster .
seventh sons have strong " knacks "  special magical powers  , and seventh sons of seventh sons are both very rare and strong .
passmark software 's benchmarking showed the 2009 version's 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory usage .
volterra is a city in the tuscany region of italy .
historically , it was not seen that itch and pain are separate until recently , but it was found that itch has some similarities to pain , but also has differences .
the tongue is sticky because of glycoprotein-rich mucous , which lubricates movement in and out of the snout and catches ants and termites , which stick to it .
the same tram derailed on 30 may 2006 at starr gate loop during earlier tests .
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both past ipswich town and england managers , outside the stadium .
find the square root of the variance .
volunteers gave food , blankets , water , children 's toys , massages , and a live rock band show to the people at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the pays-de-la-loire area of northwestern france .
if there are no regulations on land use , buildings will be built along a bypass , making it a regular town road , and the bypass can become as crowded as the streets it was meant to avoid .
it is also a beginning point for people who want to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises usually cause pain but are usually not dangerous .
nobody connected to wikipedia , in any way , can be responsible for how you use the information found here or linked from here .
george frideric handel was also kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover  who later became george i of great britain .
their eyes are tiny , and their vision is bad .
they are only rivaled as biological materials in toughness by chitin .
oregano is vital in greek cuisine .
tickets can be bought for national rail services , the docklands light railway and with oyster card .
he made and published these works himself , while his much bigger woodcuts were mostly hired projects .
the historical method involves the methods and guidelines that historians use primary sources and other evidence to investigate and write history .
the heavy weight of the continental icecap on top of lake vostok is thought to cause the high oxygen concentration .
in 2000 , the population was 89,148 .
aliteracy  also spelled alliteracy  is the condition of being able to read but not wanting to do so .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid drug used in medicine .
it will then move away and go back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
additionally , research has shown children are less likely to tell about a crime if it involves someone that he or she knows , trusts , and / or cares about .
now , landis ' father is a great supporter of his son and considers himself one of floyd 's biggest fans .
shortly after becoming a category 4 storm , the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged .
the balance price for a certain type of labor is the wage .
believing the grounds were haunted , they chose to publish their findings in a book named "an adventure" in 1911 , using the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he lived in london , mainly teaching others .
brunstad has some fast food restaurants , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and its own grocery store .
he left 11,000 soldiers to defend the recently conquered region .
in 1438 trevi was ruled by the church as part of the legation of perugia , and after that it shared its history with the states of the church until 1860 , when it joined the united kingdom of italy .
the depression moved inland on the 20th without any storm activity , and ended the next day over brazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was a law enforcement agency in new york city from 1952 to 1995 .
the current band members are flynn  vocals , guitar  , duce  bass  , phil demmel  guitar  , and dave mcclain  drums  .
countries with a small muslim population are more likely than countries in the greater middle east with mostly muslims to use mosques to encourage civic participation .
the characters are rude versions of their former characters pete and dud .
johan was the first bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall, but left before they released a studio album .
in 1998 , culver won the election for iowa secretary of state .
in 1990 , mark messier won the hart over ray bourque by two votes , due to one first-place vote .
shade causes the main plot of the novel to start when he breaks the law , and this leads to the destruction of his colony 's home , their early migration , and his separation from them .
the female version is a daughter .
he was diagnosed with incurable abdominal cancer in april 1999 .
before the storm came , the national park service shut down visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks .
the type of chess played is speed chess where each person has 12 minutes for the entire game .
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its branches .
the two ex-presidents were charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
moderate to severe damage went up the atlantic shore and as far inland as west virginia .
since the owner usually does not know , these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies .
the wave moved across the atlantic , and became a tropical depression off the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .
for instance , the stylebook of the associated press is updated yearly .
the four main texts are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke and gospel of john , probably written between ad 65 and 100  see also the gospel according to the hebrews  .
since the late 19th century eschelbronn is famous for its furniture manufacturing industry .
the top half looks like the coat of arms of the old oberbarnim district .
unlike earth's clouds , neptune's cirrus clouds are made of crystals of frozen methane , not ice .
they cannot participate until they reach legal adulthood .
stable releases are rare , but there are usually subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use .
finally in 1482 the order sent him to florence , the ‘ city of his destiny ’ .
in the soviet years , the bolsheviks destroyed two main landmarks in rostov - st alexander nevsky cathedral  1908  and st george cathedral in nakhichevan  1783-1807  .
he passed away on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , spain and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .
stanley l. miller and harold c. urey showed this in the miller-urey experiment in 1953 .
cogeneration  also called combined heat and power , chp  is when a heat engine or a power station creates both electricity and useful heat .
sometimes the male " den master " lets another male into the den ; the reason is unknown .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript and / or css piece of code that can be enabled by choosing an option in your wikipedia preferences .
here are some useful links to help you get involved .
he was the prime minister of egypt from 1945 to 1946 and again from 1946 to 1948 .
she stayed behind  reasons for this differ  when the others of the nicoleños moved to the mainland .
james i made him a gentleman of the chapel royal , where he was an organist from at least 1615 until his death .
chauvin was ashamed to get his award and firstly said he may not accept it .
later , esperanto speakers viewed the language and the culture that had grown around it as important in themselves , even if esperanto is never accepted by the united nations or other international organizations .
dry air encircling the southern side of the cyclone destroyed most of the strong convection by early on september 12 .
calvin baker is an american writer .
eva anna paula braun , also known as eva anna paula hitler , died on 30 April 1945 , and was the companion and briefly wife of adolf hitler .
each edition of the license has a different version number .
most irc servers do not need users to register an account but a user has to set a nickname before connecting .
in the same year he got a mechanics certificate , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
summerslam  2009  is an upcoming wrestling pay-per-view by world wrestling entertainment  wwe  on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles , california .
usually shown as bald , with long whiskers , he is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
some animals can change color in different environments , either seasonally like ermine and snowshoe hare , or quickly with chromatophores in their skin like cephalopods .
val venis beat rikishi in a steel cage match to keep the wwf intercontinental championship  14:10  venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit him with a tv camera .
this is similar to the unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces .
he came from a musical family ; his mom , larue , was an administrative assistant and singer , and his dad , keith brion , was a band director at yale .
mennonites have the largest populations in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states , but they are also found in small communities in 51 countries on six continents or mixed within the people of those countries .
naas is a major " dublin suburb " town , with many people living there and working in dublin .
acanthopholis had oval plates in its skin , with spikes coming out of the neck and shoulder area , and along the spine .
origin irmo was created on christmas eve in 1890 because of the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
on the other hand , bills proposed by the law commission , and consolidation bills , start in the house of lords .
before his final release in 1474 , when he began preparations for the reconquest of wallachia , vlad lived with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital .
you can add a passage of up to 5 words as a front-cover text , and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text , to the end of the list of cover texts in the changed version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is the spongy tissue found inside of bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because blue light scatters more efficiently than red , the same process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets .
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse département of southern france , in the provence-alpes-côte d ' azur region .
macgruber begins asking for ordinary items to make something to defuse the bomb , but something else , usually about his personal life , later distracts him and he runs out of time .
this was almost done when messiaen died , and yvonne loriod did the last movement's orchestration with guidance from george benjamin .
shi ' a muslims think of karbala as one of the holiest cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
the pad asked for the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat to resign , accusing them of being thaksin's proxies .
but traveling through very remote areas , on isolated roads , needs preparation and a dependable vehicle , usually a four wheel drive .
while at kahn , he was the main architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he apologizes and says he has to leave for rehearsal , and he and dr. schön go.
britpop came from the british independent music scene of the early 1990s and was described by bands inspired by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
this was included in battalions being formed for xi international brigade .
the sheppard line has fewer riders than the other two subway lines , and shorter trains run .
it has a capacity of 98,772 , making it the biggest stadium in europe , and the 11th largest in the world .
in december , 1967 , ten boom was given the title of righteous among the nations by the state of israel .
some articles are long and detailed , while others are short and lower quality .
there are about 95 species currently accepted.
eugowra is said to be named after an aboriginal word meaning " the place where the sand goes down the hill ".
terms like " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are common in english .
jurisdiction comes from public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to use resources to best serve the needs of its native society .
after that , he wrote several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital city of the state is aracaju  pop .
however , farrenc was paid less than her male colleagues for almost 10 years .
gumbasia was made in a style vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles .
the lawyer , brandon  waise lee  , became mk sun's idol , and he grew up to be a lawyer too .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an old town near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .
donaldson joined the australian army on 18 june 2002 .
prospectors from california , europe and china also dug along the peel river and up the mountain slopes .
before pocket calculators , it was the most popular calculation tool in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 has 16-level grayscale display , longer battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text , and overall thickness of 0.36 inches ( 9.1 millimeters ) .
yoghurt or yogurt is a dairy product made by bacterial fermentation of milk .
seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame , more than any other position today , and only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
other opinions on the subject have been made over the years  see below  , but all were refused by mainstream christian groups .
the album was banned from many record stores across the country .
the legs are wide at the top and slim at the ankle .
in late 2004 , suleman stopped howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations because of stern 's talks about his move to sirius satellite radio .
the business opened twice as many canadian stores as mcdonald 's " wendy 's confirms tim hortons ipo by march " , ottawa business journal , december 1 , 2005 , and system-wide sales were higher than mcdonald 's canadian operations since 2002 .
captain caleb holt  kirk cameron  is a firefighter in albany , georgia and follows the firemen's rule , " never leave your partner behind " .
he won the presidential election on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the popular vote .
the plant is known as a living fossil .
in 1990 , she was the only female artist allowed to play in saudi arabia .
stravinsky first thought of writing the ballet in 1913 .
protests across the country were stopped .
offenbach 's many operettas , such as orpheus in the underworld , and la belle hélène , were very popular in france and the english-speaking world in the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles with this symbol from the tang dynasty were found west of the old city of chang ' an  modern-day xian  .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux  february 13 , 1921 november 11 , 1968  , was a french organist , pianist , composer , and teacher .
most people said the instrument was hard to control .
santa maria maggiore  st. mary the greater  is the earliest existing church in assisi .
radar observations show that it is made mostly of iron-nickel .
railway gazette international is a monthly magazine about the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries worldwide .
he was given the title companion of honour  ch  in 1988 .
loèche has the systems of onyx , the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small cardboard folder with matches inside and a rough striking surface outside .
she was one of the first doctors to oppose cigarette smoking near kids , and drug use in pregnant women .
defiantly , she promised to never give up the commune , and challenged the judges to sentence her to death .
there is a 3-part original english-language manga series about graystripe , between the time he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
syrians did not live in cities ; many of the immigrants who had been peddlers were able to meet americans daily ( samovar & porter  1994  , p . 84 ) .
he was also known for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden metal furniture .
when she was young , she had collapsed lungs twice , pneumonia 4-5 times a year , a ruptured appendix , and a tonsillar cyst .
dr. david lindenmeyer from the australian national university has said that the need for nest boxes shows that logging practices are not environmentally friendly for saving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum .
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team from montreal , quebec , canada .
small size inductors can be made on integrated circuits with the same processes that are used to make transistors .
the term gribble was first used for wood-boring species , especially for limnoria lignorum which was discovered in norway by rathke in 1799 .
wounds caused by a club are usually called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
after that , the county 's business was done at duns or lauder until greenlaw was the county town in 1596 .
no skater has achieved a quadruple axel in competition yet .
from the telephone exchange , the port jackson district commandant could talk to all military bases on the harbour .
however , even for people who enter a mosque for no purpose of praying , there are still rules to follow .
it is said to have a pointed face and to be the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by the amount of work it can do compared to the time and resources used .
some of the biggest reservoirs in the world are on the volga .
the crosier stands for the monasteries of the region .
human skin colors range from dark brown to pale pink .
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , aided yunus with the official formation of the bank with a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer said they were planning to have saddam on trial , but there were no details on it yet .
representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association vote for the all-star team after the regular season ends .
tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan border afghanistan to the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south and china to the east .
nupedia was set up on march 9 , 2000 , owned by bomis , inc , a web portal company .
key-dependent s-boxes and a difficult key schedule are noticeable features of the design .
iain grieve , born 19 february , 1987 in jwaneng , botswana , is a rugby union back-rower for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
other local places include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
murray gell-mann and george zweig proposed the quark model in 1964 .
the fourth ring has golden garlands and was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present spot .
west berlin had its own postal system , not the same as west germany 's , which released its own postage stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is an artwork by the italian renaissance painter sandro botticelli , c . 1482 .
new south wales 's biggest city and capital is sydney .
the polymer usually used is epoxy , but other polymers , such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon , are also sometimes used .
the name still exists as a brand for a related digital tv channel , digital radio station , and website which have survived the closing of the printed magazine .
when he was 4 and a half years old , he had to take care of himself on the streets of northern italy for the next 4 years , staying in different orphanages and going to towns with groups of other homeless children .
stands were put behind each goal during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground started to be modernised .
a town may be called a market town or have market rights even if it no longer holds a market , as long as the right to do so still exists .
a bastion was built on the eastern approaches later .
on july 29 , the battle of stiklestad in norway happened , where olav haraldsson lost to his pagan vassals and was killed .
some think that tresca was killed by the nkvd as revenge for criticizing the stalin regime of the soviet union .
this caused montenegro and serbia to become independent countries .
use html and css markup only when needed .
schuschnigg quickly responded publicly that reports of riots were wrong .
addiscombe is a neighborhood in the london borough of croydon , england .
depending on the situation , another closely-related meaning of constituent is a person who lives in the area governed , represented , or served by a politician ; sometimes this is limited to citizens who voted for the politician .
prunk is a part of institute of european history in mainz , and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn .
stallone also had a short role in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead , the crew built a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the " hovercraft " and filmed the scene while driving on templin highway north of santa clarita .
the conference papers were printed the following year in a bookmicroeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al .
the wario land series is a platforming game series that began with wario land : super mario land 3 , a spin-off of the super mario land series .
frédéric chopin 's opus 57 is a lullaby for solo piano .
these attacks may have been mental instead of physical .
a historian said that " quinine's effectiveness allowed colonists to move into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa ".
also , spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which suggest a stony surface composition .
she was the main editor of her husband 's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury looks like the moon : it has many craters with areas of flat land , no moons , and no real atmosphere .
geography the town is in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
these are perfect habitats for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was controlled by turkish and afghan governors from the delhi sultanate before the mughals arrived in 1608 .
the prime minister remains in office only if they keep the support of the lower house .
for rowling , this scene is important because it shows harry 's bravery and his selflessness and compassion by getting cedric 's body .
on june 1 , 1972 , he and two other raf members , jan-carl raspe and holger meins , were caught after a long shootout in frankfurt .
together they formed new music manchester , a group devoted to contemporary music .
the powerful and severe hurricane caused great destruction in the upper florida keys , as a storm surge of around 18 to 20 feet hit the area .
it is now the home of meher baba 's samadhi tomb-shrine as well as places for pilgrims to stay .
the fallen dome of the main church has been restored completely .
in 2005 , meissner was the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in a national competition .
salem is a city in essex county , massachusetts in the us .
there are forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse .
saint martin is a tropical island in the northeast caribbean , about 300 km  186 miles  east of puerto rico .
so , these pdfs can not be shared without more changes if they have images .
in april 1862 , ben was arrested by police inspector sir frederick pottinger for taking part in an armed robbery with frank gardiner .
it rained heavily in some parts of britain on october 5 , leading to localized flooding .
version 2009.1 has a usb installer to make a live usb , where the user's settings and data can be saved if wanted .
the seats were divided between the four parties based on their strength in the federal assembly : free democratic party (FDP) - 2 members , christian democratic people's party (CVP) - 2 members , social democratic party (SP) - 2 members , and swiss people's party (SVP) - 1 member .
a fee is the cost for services , especially the payment to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other expert .
ohio state 's library system includes twenty-one libraries on its columbus campus .
in other news , both iceland and greenland agreed to norway's rule , but scotland was able to defend against a norse invasion and get a good peace agreement .
the songs from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in april 2000 , minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence , but then other operating systems had become more advanced , so it stayed mainly as an operating system for students and hobbyists .
the body color can be medium brown , gold-ish , beige-white , or have dark brown spots , usually on the limbs .
the britannica was mainly a scottish venture , shown by its thistle logo , the flower symbol of scotland .
the area in the warning issued on september 22 was extended southwards as jose became stronger , before it was cancelled right after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune claimed that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the start of fighting .
the latter gave audiences the kind of information later given by intertitles , and can help historians guess what the film was like .
this is because real estate , businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as security to get money for industrial and commercial growth .
he ran away from sydney cove multiple times before being shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan moved to the police camp and told them to give up .
before the second game started , the press said that the " midget-in-a-cake " performance was not as good as veeck's typical promotional standard .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now joss whedon said that " fray is not done , it is coming back .
a mutant is a kind of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test  formerly scholastic aptitude test and scholastic assessment test  is a test for college admissions in the united states .
civil unrest in northern italy created the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by traveling groups of flagellants .
some reports say that some factors increase the chance of both paralysis and hallucinations .
his punishment was transportation to australia for seven years .
waugh wrote that charles was looking for love when he first met sebastian and found " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , which symbolizes the work in many ways .
her well-known friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also an important part of her life .
the term dorsal refers to structures located on or growing from the back side of an animal .
the word " protein " was invented by berzelius , after mulder found that all proteins had the same chemical formula and might be made of one type of very large molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang hid for 16 months to avoid being caught .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern france .
the color is from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 an extension was added , going north from union station , below university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street , then turning west to end at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , a part of the commonwealth railways central australian line ran along the western side of the simpson desert .
it is on an old portage trail which went west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy can have arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death , or both .
as the biggest sub-region in mesoamerica , it had a wide range of landscapes , from the mountainous sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google then shared the comic on google books and their website and talked about it on its official blog with a reason for the early release .
anyone can register a pedigree with the college , where they are properly checked and need official proofs before being changed .
the book , political economy , was published in 1985 but was not widely used in classrooms .
he toured with the ipo in 1990 for their first performance in the soviet union , with concerts in moscow and leningrad , and toured with them again in 1994 , playing in china and india .
in the napoleonic wars , austrian general mack surrendered his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm , giving napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and causing 10,000 casualties for the losers .
it has been the economic center of northern nigeria for a long time , and a place for the production and export of groundnuts .
most south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora got the band several awards and honors .
after a short pause , the wwf cavalry turned and attacked kane and jericho .
most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .
in the 5th century slavs began to move into the area .
from 1900 to 1920 many new buildings were built on campus , such as for the dental and pharmacy programs , a chemistry building , a building for the natural sciences , hill auditorium , large hospital and library complexes , and two residence halls .
winchester is a city in scott county , illinois , in the US .
the name arzashkun appears to be the assyrian form of an armenian name ending in -ka based on a proper name arzash , which is similar to the name arsene , arsissa , used by the ancients for part of lake van .
out of 16,421 people in the national casting , she was chosen as one of the 15 people to be on the tv show .
its episodes aired on abc from september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
the latter device can then be made and used in less strict environments .
gimnasia hired the well-known colombian coach francisco maturana , and then julio césar falcioni , but neither had much success .
brighton is a city in washington county , iowa , usa .
in addition , she was in several music videos , like " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24 1979  the 750th anniversary of the village  , glinde became a town .
pauline reappeared in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 , and later in mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , although she is now referred to as " mario 's friend " .
the vagina is very stretchy and can expand many times its normal diameter during childbirth .
his exact date of birth was not recorded , but it is thought to be between 1935 and 1939 .
this numerical measure shows how much of a certain drug or substance  inhibitor  is required to reduce a specific biological process  or part of a process , i.e. an enzyme , cell , cell receptor or microorganism  by half .
although the name suggests they are in the bernese oberland in the canton of bern , parts of the bernese alps are also in valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
there he had one daughter , later named mary ann fisher power , to ann e power .
in an interview , edward gorey said bawden was one of his favorite artists , sadly noting that few people remembered or knew about this great artist .
the string can vibrate like a guitar string can play different notes , and every mode appears as a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable got an academy award nomination when he acted as fletcher christian in 1935's mutiny on the bounty .
