the sudanese military and the janjaweed are the main forces in the armed conflicts .
jeddah is the main route to mecca , which is Islam's holiest city and all able-bodied muslims must visit at least once in their life .
scientists think the great dark spot is a hole in neptune's methane cloud deck .
his next work, saturday, follows a day full of events for a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula, the trickster character, used a black cord to pull the ball eastward with all his strength.
six weeks later , he died there on 13 January 888.
they have a similar culture to the coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea.
Since 2000 , the kate greenaway medal winner has received the colin mears award worth £ 5000 .
following the drummers are dancers , who often play the sogo  a tiny drum that makes little noise  and have intricate choreography .
the spacecraft is made up of two main elements : the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe .
Alessandro Mazzola was born on 8 November 1942 and is an Italian former football player.
it was thought that the smaller craters were filled in by the debris thrown up from the collision .
graham went to wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 , and he graduated with a ba in anthropology .
however, the bzö differs from the freedom party, as it favors a referendum about the lisbon treaty but opposes an eu-withdrawal.
many species vanished due to european settlement by the end of the nineteenth century .
In 1987, Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
dextromethorphan appears as a white powder in its purest form.
Getting into Tsinghua is very competitive .
today nrc is organised as an independent, private foundation .
the stralsund harbor is located at the coast of the baltic sea .
sports illustrated named him 1982 " sportsman of the year ".
Fives is a British sport believed to be related to other racquet sports.
For example, King Bhumibol was born on Monday, so his birthday is celebrated with decorations of yellow color throughout Thailand.
both names became obsolete in 2007 when they merged into the national museum of scotland .
however , tagore copied many styles , such as craftwork from northern new ireland , haida carvings from british columbia , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
On October 14, 1960, John F. Kennedy proposed the concept of the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She performed for President Reagan in 1988's Great Performances at the White House series, which aired on PBS.
Perry Saturn and Terri defeated Eddie Guerrero and Chyna to win the WWF European Championship, with Saturn pinning Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
she stayed in the US until 1927, then returned to France with her husband.
Despina was found in late July 1989 from Voyager 2's images.
The first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship happened at Brescia on 4 September 1921.
he also wrote two collections of short stories called the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
in voyager 2 images , ophelia appears as an elongated object pointing towards uranus .
The British chose to remove him and take the land by force.
some towns on the eyre highway in western australia do not follow official western australian time .
Small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays for architectural decoration , which have been used to decorate walls, furniture, and boxes.
the other cities on the palos verdes peninsula are rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
Clank fears that Drek will destroy the galaxy , so he asks Ratchet to help him find Captain Qwark in order to stop Drek.
it is not a true louse.
he works to apply a user-centered design process in product development cycles and promote interaction design as a mainstream discipline.
it is possible that the editors and administrator blocking you are part of a conspiracy against someone far away they have never met.
Working Group I evaluates the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
the hebrides island chain is separated from the mainland and inner hebrides by the minch, little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife had a daughter, alanna marie, on July 12 , 2008 .
The minor planet center , a branch of the iau , oversees formal minor planet designations which are number-name combinations.
By September 30 , wind shear started to rise and the storm began to weaken .
each entry has a datum , which is a copy of the data stored in a backing store.
therefore , when attending a mosque , both men and women must follow the guidelines , even if not enforced .
mariel of redwall is a novel by brian jacques published in 1991 .
Ryan Prosser, born 10 July 1988, plays professional rugby union for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
similar to previous assessment reports , it consists of four reports , three of which are from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot is a biochemist .
this stamp was the standard letter stamp during Victoria's reign , and many were printed .
the international fight league was an american mma promotion billed as the world's first mma league.
Giardia lamblia , also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis , is a flagellated protozoan parasite that lives and multiplies in the small intestine , resulting in giardiasis .
Additionally , Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions , such as the post-rapture films Left Behind : The Movie , Left Behind II : Tribulation Force , and Left Behind : World at War , where he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams .
this area was east of the vistula river , later called " prussia proper ".
After graduating , he returned to Yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and was later appointed artistic director of the Armenian Philharmonic Orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the accounts in the gospel of matthew and the gospel of luke.
weelkes later encountered trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his drinking and immoderate behaviour .
celebs on the show include vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
stephen p. synnott discovered it in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5 , 1979 while orbiting around jupiter .
gomaespuma was a spanish radio show hosted by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser.
The official release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website on 16 June 2009.
he is also a part of another jungiery boyband, 183 Club.
hippolytus attested the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia in early christian feasts .
in return , rollo swore fealty to charles , converted to christianity , and agreed to defend the northern region of france against other viking groups .
it is derived from Voice of America's Special English.
disney was given a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
a spacecraft discovered the first asteroid.
Hinterrhein is a district in the canton of Graubünden , Switzerland .
it is now called bohemian switzerland in the Czech Republic .
this leads to consumer confusion when 220  1,048,576  bytes is referred to as 1 mb instead of 1 mib .
the incident has been discussed in many reports about ethics in scholarship .
they are castrated to make the animal more docile or to gain weight faster .
seventh sons have special " knacks "  magical powers  , and seventh sons of seventh sons are both very rare and powerful .
Passmark software's benchmarking shows that the 2009 version has an install time of 52 seconds , a scan time of 32 seconds , and uses 7 mb of memory .
Volterra is a town in Italy.
Until recently , itch and pain were thought to be the same sensation , but it was discovered that they have many similarities and differences .
the tongue is sticky because of glycoprotein-rich mucous , which lubricates movement and helps catch ants and termites .
the tram had derailed at starr gate loop during previous trials .
statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both ex-ipswich town and england managers , stand outside the ground .
Find the square root of the variance .
volunteers provided food , blankets , water , children 's toys , massages , and a rock band performance for those at the stadium .
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in France .
If there are no restrictions on land use, buildings will be constructed along a bypass, converting it into a regular town road, and it may end up as crowded as the streets it was meant to bypass.
people wanting to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland can start from here .
bruises often cause pain but are usually not dangerous .
no one associated with wikipedia is responsible for how you use the information given .
George Frideric Handel served as Kapellmeister for George , Elector of Hanover , who later became George I of Great Britain .
their eyes are small , and they have poor vision .
chitin is their only rival in terms of toughness .
Oregano is a vital ingredient in Greek cooking.
tickets can be bought for national rail services, the docklands light railway, and with oyster cards.
he created and published his own works , while his larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned .
historians use the historical method to research and write history using primary sources and other evidence.
the weight of the continental icecap on lake vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .
In 2000, the population was 89,148.
aliteracy, sometimes spelled alliteracy, is not wanting to read despite being able to do so.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as a drug.
it will then sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
research has shown children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know , trust , and / or care about .
today , landis ' father supports his son and is one of floyd 's biggest fans .
after becoming a category 4 storm , the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged .
the wage is the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor .
Believing the grounds were haunted , they published their findings in a book in 1911 called an adventure , under the names elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
He moved to London and focused mainly on teaching .
brunstad has several fast food restaurants , a cafeteria-style restaurant , a coffee bar , and a grocery store .
he left 11,000 troops to guard the newly conquered region .
in 1438 trevi became part of the legation of perugia and was under the temporal rule of the church .  Later, in 1860, it became part of the united kingdom of italy .
the depression moved inland on the 20th with no convection, and it caused heavy rains and flooding before dissipating in Brazil the next day.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in New York City from 1952 to 1995.
the band is composed of flynn  vocals , guitar  , duce  bass  , phil demmel  guitar  , and dave mcclain  drums  .
Countries with a minority Muslim population are more likely to use mosques to promote civic participation than Muslim-majority countries in the Middle East.
the characters are rude versions of pete and dud .
johan was the original bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but quit before the band released an album .
In 1998 , culver ran for iowa secretary of state and won .
In 1990, Mark Messier won the Hart Trophy with two more votes than Ray Bourque, due to one first-place vote.
Shade starts the plot of the novel when he breaks the law , leading to the destruction of his colony 's home and their early migration , separating him from them .
the female equivalent is a daughter .
in April 1999 , he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer.
Before the storm came , the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks .
speed chess is the form of chess played, with a total of twelve minutes for the whole game .
the amazon basin is the area of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two former presidents were later charged with mutiny and treason for their actions in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
Damage extended up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as West Virginia.
the owner is unaware , so these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies .
the wave crossed the atlantic , and became a tropical depression near the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .
The Associated Press stylebook is updated every year .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew, mark, luke and john, likely written between ad 65 and 100.
since the 19th century , eschelbronn has been well known for its furniture industry .
the top half resembles the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of frozen methane crystals , unlike the ice crystals in earth's clouds .
minors cannot participate until they become adults .
development stable releases are rare , but there are often subversion snapshots that are stable enough to use .
In 1482, the order sent him to Florence, the ‘city of his destiny’.
The Bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov's principal landmarks during the Soviet years: St Alexander Nevsky Cathedral (1908) and St George Cathedral in Nakhichevan (1783-1807).
he died on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , spain and was buried in san benito d ' alcantara church .
stanley l. miller and harold c. urey demonstrated this in the miller-urey experiment in 1953 .
cogeneration , also called CHP , is the use of a heat engine or a power station to produce electricity and useful heat at the same time.
sometimes the male " den master " lets another male into the den ; the reason is unknown .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript and / or css snippet that can be enabled by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
here are some helpful links to help you get involved .
he was the prime minister of Egypt between 1945 and 1948.
she was left behind when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland , and the reasons for this vary.
james i appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal .
chauvin was embarrassed and initially said he may not accept his award .
Later, esperanto speakers began to view the language and its associated culture as goals in themselves , even if it is not accepted by the United Nations or other international organizations .
dry air eroded most of the deep convection around the cyclone by early on September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Anna Paula Braun, often known as Eva Hitler, died on 30 April 1945. She was the longtime companion and, briefly, wife of Adolf Hitler.
each license version is assigned a unique number .
most irc servers do not require users to register an account , but they must set a nickname before connecting.
In the same year , he earned a mechanics certificate , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York .
Summerslam 2009 is an upcoming WWE event on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
usually portrayed as bald with long whiskers , he is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
certain animals can change color due to chromatic response , either seasonally like the ermine and snowshoe hare , or quickly with chromatophores like cephalopods .
Val Venis won the WWF Intercontinental Championship by defeating Rikishi in a steel cage match.
this is similar to the unix philosophy of having multiple programs that do one task well and work together through universal interfaces .
he came from a musical family . His mother larue was an administrative assistant and singer , and his father keith brion was a band director at yale .
the largest populations of mennonites are in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states , but they can also be found in other countries around the world .
naas is a major "dublin suburb" town with many people living and working there.
acanthopholis had oval plates in their skin with spikes on the neck and shoulder area and spine .
origin irmo was chartered on Christmas Eve in 1890 due to the opening of the Columbia , Newberry and Laurens Railroad .
however , bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the house of lords .
before his release in 1474 , vlad and his wife lived in a house in the hungarian capital as he prepared for the reconquest of wallachia .
you may add a short passage to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version.
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip, illinois.
Bone marrow is found in the hollow interior of bones .
Reflection nebulae are usually blue due to the fact that blue light scatters more efficiently than red light . This same scattering process gives us blue skies and red sunsets .
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse department of southern France.
macgruber attempts to defuse the bomb using everyday objects , but he is always distracted and runs out of time .
messiaen completed most of the work before his death , and yvonne loriod orchestrated the last movement with advice from george benjamin .
Shi'a Muslims consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem, and Najaf.
the pad demanded the resignation of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat , whom they accused of being thaksin's proxies .
however, to travel through remote areas , one needs to plan ahead and use a reliable four wheel drive vehicle .
At Kahn, he was chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
he excuses himself and leaves for rehearsal with dr. schön.
britpop emerged from the british independent music scene in the early 1990s and was characterised by bands that drew inspiration from the british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
these people joined battalions forming xi international brigade .
the sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines , and shorter trains are run .
it has a capacity of 98,772 , the largest in europe and the eleventh largest in the world .
In December 1967, ten Boom was honored by Israel as one of the Righteous Among the Nations.
some articles are lengthy and have a lot of content while other articles are short and of lesser quality.
about 95 species exist .
Eugowra is said to be named after an Indigenous Australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill."
English speakers often use terms such as " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture ".
jurisdiction comes from public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its people .
he then wrote several other pieces about hiawatha, like the death of Minnehaha , Overture to the Song of Hiawatha , and Hiawatha's Departure .
The capital of the state is Aracaju .
Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade even though this was not fair .
gumbasia was created using kinesthetic film principles , a style vorkapich taught .
mk sun grew up to be a lawyer like his idol, brandon waise lee.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near cowra , new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .
Donaldson joined the Australian Army on 18 June 2002.
Prospectors from California , Europe and China dug along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes .
before the pocket calculator was invented , it was the most commonly used tool for calculations in science and engineering .
The Kindle 2 features 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, 20 percent faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option, and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches (9.1 millimeters).
yoghurt is a dairy product made through bacterial fermentation of milk .
Seventy-five defencemen have been inducted into the hall of fame , which is more than any other current position , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
alternative views have been proposed throughout the centuries , but all were rejected by mainstream christian bodies .
the album was banned from many record stores nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
In late 2004 , Suleman cut Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations , due to his frequent discussions about his move to Sirius Satellite Radio.
the company opened more Canadian outlets than McDonald's and surpassed their Canadian sales in 2002.
Captain Caleb Holt, played by Kirk Cameron, is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia who holds true to the cardinal rule of all firemen: "Never leave your partner behind."
he won the presidential election on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the popular vote .
the plant is a living fossil .
She was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia in 1990 .
Stravinsky first thought of writing the ballet in 1913 .
Protests were suppressed across the nation.
Offenbach's operettas were popular in France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
Roof tiles from the Tang Dynasty with this symbol have been found near Xian.
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux was a french organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
the instrument was difficult to control .
Santa Maria Maggiore is the earliest extant church in Assisi.
Radar observations show a pure iron-nickel composition .
railway gazette international is a monthly business journal that focuses on the railway, metro, light rail, and tram industries worldwide.
he was appointed CH in 1988.
loèche contains the installations of onyx , a swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small folder containing matches and a striking surface on the outside.
she objected to cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
She vowed defiantly to never renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
There is a three volume English-language manga series called Graystripe's Trilogy which follows Graystripe between the time he was taken by twolegs in Dawn until he returned to ThunderClan in The Sight.
Syrians did not live in urban areas , so many immigrants who were peddlers had daily contact with Americans .
he was famous for creating prints , book covers , posters , and metalwork furniture for gardens .
She suffered from collapsed lungs twice during childhood , experienced pneumonia 4-5 times a year , had a ruptured appendix , and a tonsillar cyst .
Dr. David Lindenmeyer from the Australian National University has argued that the need for nest boxes shows that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable for conserving species like Leadbeater's Possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a hockey team based in Montreal, Quebec.
small value inductors can also be constructed on integrated circuits with the same processes used to make transistors .
the term gribble was originally used to refer to the wood-boring species , especially limnoria lignorum which was first described in norway by rathke in 1799.
wounds from a club are called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
after that , the county 's administration was held at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
No skater has yet completed a quadruple axel in competition .
the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour from the telephone exchange .
even if someone enters the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying , there are still rules that apply .
it is pointed in the face and the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by the amount of useful work done compared to time and resources used .
The Volga has some of the world's largest reservoirs .
the crosier symbolizes the monasteries of the region .
human skin hues can vary from dark brown to pale pink.
Bankers from Shorebank, a Chicago community development bank, aided Yunus in incorporating the bank with a grant from the Ford Foundation.
bremer reported plans to put saddam on trial , but said the details had not yet been determined .
At the end of the regular season , the professional hockey writers ' association representatives vote for the all-star team.
Tajikistan , Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan , Iran , Pakistan and the People's Republic of China.
nupedia was founded on march 9, 2000 by bomis, inc, a web portal company.
the design includes key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule .
iain grieve , born 19 february , 1987 in jwaneng , botswana , is a rugby union back-rower for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil.
In 1964, physicists Murray Gell-mann and George Zweig proposed the quark model.
the fourth ring was added to the column in 1938-39 and is decorated with golden garlands .
west berlin issued its own postage stamps until 1990 .
sandro botticelli painted the primavera in 1482 .
sydney is the largest city and capital of new south wales .
the polymer commonly used is epoxy , but other polymers such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon can also be used .
the name remains as a brand for a related digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which have outlived the printed magazine .
At four-and-a-half years old , he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern Italy , living in orphanages and roving through towns with other homeless children for four years.
stands were added behind each set of goals in the 1980s and 1990s as the ground was modernised.
a town may be labeled as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market , if the right still exists .
a bastion was built on the eastern approaches .
On July 29, Olav Haraldsson lost to his pagan vassals and was killed in the Battle of Stiklestad in Norway.
some have theorized that the nkvd eliminated tresca because of his criticism of the stalin regime of the Soviet Union .
this caused montenegro and serbia to become independent countries .
Use html and css markup only when necessary.
schuschnigg quickly denied reports of riots .
addiscombe is a suburb in croydon, England.
depending on the context , constituent can also refer to citizens living in an area governed by a politician , usually those who voted for them.
prunk is a member of the institute of european history in mainz and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn.
Stallone had a cameo in the 2003 French movie Taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead , the crew built a trailer with a cantilevered arm connected to the " hovercraft " and filmed the scene while driving on templin highway near santa clarita .
The conference papers were published the following year in a book titled Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory by Phelps et al.
The Wario Land series is a platforming series that began with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3, a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series.
Frédéric Chopin composed Opus 57 , a berceuse for solo piano .
these attacks may have been psychological rather than physical .
A historian said that quinine enabled colonists to migrate to the Gold Coast, Nigeria, and other parts of West Africa.
studies have also shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which suggests a rocky surface composition .
she edited her husband 's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury looks like the moon : it has many craters , smooth plains , no moons and almost no atmosphere .
The town is in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zurich.
these areas provide good habitat for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was ruled by turkish and afghan governors from the delhi sultanate until the mughals arrived in 1608 .
the prime minister stays in office only if they have the support of the lower house .
for rowling , this scene is significant because it reveals harry's courage , and by getting cedric 's body , he displays selflessness and understanding .
On June 1, 1972, he and two fellow RAF members were arrested after a long shootout in Frankfurt.
They created new music manchester , a group devoted to modern music .
the intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper florida keys , with a storm surge of 18-20 feet .
it is now the site of Meher Baba's tomb-shrine and facilities for pilgrims.
the main church's dome has been completely restored.
In 2005, Meissner landed the triple axel jump in national competition.
salem is a city in Massachusetts , United States.
forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse exist.
Saint Martin is an island in the Caribbean , located 300 km (186 miles) east of Puerto Rico .
therefore , these pdfs can not be shared without extra changes if they contain pictures .
ben was arrested in April 1862 for participating in an armed robbery with Frank Gardiner .
It rained heavily in some parts of Britain on October 5th, resulting in flooding.
version 2009.1 offers a usb installer to create a live usb , where the user 's configuration and data can be saved if desired .
The seats were distributed based on the parties' strength in the federal assembly: FDP (2), CVP (2), SP (2), and SVP (1).
one pays a fee for services , especially to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other professional .
Ohio State's library system includes twenty-one libraries on its Columbus campus .
Iceland and Greenland accepted Norway's overlordship , but Scotland repulsed a Norse invasion and negotiated a good peace agreement .
The singles from the album included "By the Way", "The Zephyr Song", "Can't Stop", "Dosed" and "Universally Speaking".
In April 2000 , Minix became free and open source software under a permissive free software license .
the body color varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and it is sometimes marked with dark brown spots , especially on the limbs .
the britannica was a scottish enterprise , symbolised by its thistle logo , the floral emblem of scotland .
the warning issued on september 22 was extended southwards as jose intensified , before being canceled after landfall on september 23 .
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune reported that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders had used Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat.
the latter gave viewers the type of information that intertitles later provided , and it helps historians to imagine the film .
This is because assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as collateral to get capital for industrial and commercial expansion.
he escaped from sydney cove multiple times before being killed in 1796 .
Ned and Dan marched to the police camp and demanded their surrender.
before the second game began , the press did not think the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance met veeck 's usual promotional standard .
joss whedon confirmed that " fray is not done , fray is coming back " in a short video promoting the charity equality now.
Marvel Comics publishes comic books featuring mutant characters.
the sat reasoning test, formerly known as the scholastic aptitude test and the scholastic assessment test, is used for college admissions in the United States.
Civil unrest in northern Italy caused the creation of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants .
some reports say that certain factors can increase the chance of paralysis and hallucinations .
His punishment was transportation to Australia for seven years.
waugh describes charles as searching for love when he first meets sebastian , discovering a "low door in the wall" which leads to an "enchanted garden" .
her relationship with grigori rasputin was an important factor in her life .
the term dorsal means structures located on the back of an animal .
berzelius coined the term " protein " after mulder noticed that all proteins had the same empirical formula and could be composed of one type of large molecule.
After the Jerilderie Raid , the gang hid for 16 months to avoid being captured .
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in France.
the color range is from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 an extension was added , curving north from union station and ending at st. george and bloor streets .
Before 1980 , a section of the commonwealth railways line passed along the western side of the simpson desert .
it is on an old portage trail that goes west to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia, sudden cardiac death, or both.
mesoamerica's largest sub-region encompassed a vast and varied landscape , from the sierra madre to the northern yucatán plains .
Google made the comic available on Google Books and their site and mentioned it on its official blog, with an explanation for the early release .
anyone can register a pedigree with the college , and it must be officially confirmed before being changed .
the book, political economy, was published in 1985 but had little usage in classrooms.
He toured with the IPO in 1990 in the Soviet Union and again in 1994 in China and India.
At Ulm, Austrian General Mack surrendered his army to Napoleon's Grand Army, resulting in 30,000 prisoners and 10,000 casualties.
it has long been a major economic hub in northern nigeria , producing and exporting groundnuts .
many south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu , and tulu .
meteora won multiple awards and honors .
After a brief stand-off , the wwf cavalry attacked kane and jericho.
richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman wrote most of the songs.
In the 5th century, Slavs began to move into the area.
From 1900 to 1920, many new buildings were built on campus , including those for the dental and pharmacy programs, chemistry, natural sciences, hill auditorium, hospital, library, and two residence halls.
Winchester is in Scott County, Illinois.
The name Arzashkun appears to be the Assyrian version of an Armenian name ending in -ka derived from a proper name, Arzash, which is similar to the name Arsene, Arsissa, used by the ancients to describe part of Lake Van.
she was chosen from 16,421 participants to appear on the tv show .
its episodes aired on the abc network from september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
The device can then be designed and used in less demanding environments.
gimnasia hired first colombian trainer francisco maturana , then julio césar falcioni , but both failed .
brighton is a city in washington county , Iowa .
Additionally, she was featured in several music videos , such as " it girl " by John Oates and " just lose it " by Eminem .
On June 24 1979 , Glinde received its town charter to celebrate the village's 750th anniversary.
pauline returned in 1994 in the game boy remake of donkey kong , and again in 2006 in mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis .
the vagina is very elastic and can stretch to many times its normal diameter during childbirth .
his exact date of birth was never recorded , but it is thought to be between 1935 and 1939 .
this measure shows how much of an inhibitor is needed to reduce a biological process or a part of it by half.
the bernese alps are located in the bernese oberland , but also extend into other cantons .
he had a daughter , mary ann fisher power , with ann  e  power .
During an interview , Edward Gorey mentioned that Bawden was one of his favorite artists and lamented the lack of recognition for him .
just like a guitar string , the string can vibrate in different modes , creating different particles such as electrons , photons , gluons , and more .
gable earned an academy award nomination for his role as fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .
