one side of the armed conflicts is mostly made up of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group generally from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
jeddah is the main entrance to mecca , islam's holiest city , which able-bodied muslims must visit at least once in their lifetime .
it is believed that the great dark spot is a hole in the methane cloud layer of neptune .
his next book , saturday , follows a very exciting day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord and pulled it east with all his strength , attaching it to the ball .
he died six weeks later there , on 13 january 888 .
they share a similar culture with the people living near the coast of papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the person who receives the kate greenaway medal also gets the colin mears award worth £ 5,000 .
after the drummers , dancers come , who usually play the sogo  a small drum that does not make much sound  and have more complex — even acrobatic — choreography .
the spacecraft has two main parts : the nasa cassini orbiter , named after the italian-french astronomer giovanni domenico cassini , and the esa huygens probe , named after the dutch astronomer , mathematician and physicist christiaan huygens .
alessandro  " sandro "  mazzola  ( born 8 november 1942 ) is an italian former football player .
it was first believed that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham studied at wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 and graduated with a ba in anthropology .
but , the bzö is different from the freedom party , since it supports a referendum about the lisbon treaty but opposes a eu-withdrawal .
many species had disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century due to european settlement .
in 1987 wexler was accepted into the rock and roll hall of fame .
in its pure form , dextromethorphan is a white powder .
getting into tsinghua is very hard .
now nrc is organised as an independent , private foundation .
it is located on the coast of the baltic sea , and it surrounds the city of stralsund .
he was also given 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated .
fives is a british sport thought to come from the same roots as many racquet sports .
for example , king bhumibol was born on a monday , so on his birthday thailand is decorated with yellow colors .
in 2007 , both names merged into the national museum of scotland .
tagore imitated many styles , including artwork from northern new ireland , haida carvings from british columbia , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , john f. kennedy , a presidential candidate , suggested the idea of the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she sang for president reagan in 1988 's great performances at the white house series , which was shown on the public broadcasting service .
perry saturn and terri beat eddie guerrero and chyna to win the wwf european championship , with saturn pinning guerrero after a diving elbow drop in 8:10 .
she stayed in the united states until 1927 when she and her husband went back to france .
despina was found in late july , 1989 from the pictures taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship happened on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he also wrote two collections of short stories called the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
in the voyager 2 photos , ophelia looks like an elongated object , with its major axis pointing towards uranus .
the british chose to get rid of him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia , between the south australian border and caiguna , do not follow western australian time .
in architectural decoration , small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to make mosaics and inlays , which are used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
the other towns on the palos verdes peninsula are rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
scared that drek will ruin the galaxy , clank requests ratchet to help him locate the renowned superhero captain qwark , to stop drek .
it is not really a true louse .
he promotes using a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also tries to make interaction design a more popular discipline .
it is possible that the other editors who reported you , and the administrator who blocked you , are part of a conspiracy against someone far away who they have never seen in person .
working group i : evaluates scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain belongs to the hebrides , and is separated from the scottish mainland and from the inner hebrides by the rough waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife had a daughter , alanna marie orton , on july 12 , 2008 .
official minor planet designations are number-name combinations regulated by the minor planet center , a branch of the iau .
by the morning of september 30 , wind shear greatly increased and the storm began to weaken .
each entry has a datum  a piece of data  which is a copy of the datum in some storage .
because of this , although some mosques will not enforce violations , both men and women must follow these guidelines when going to a mosque .
mariel of redwall is a fantasy book by brian jacques , released in 1991 .
ryan prosser (born 10 july , 1988 ) is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
similar to previous assessment reports , it has four reports , three of them from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot , named after pierre curie , is a famous biochemist .
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp until the end of victoria 's reign , and a lot of them were printed .
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts  mma  organization called the world's first mma league .
giardia lamblia , also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis , is a flagellated protozoan parasite that lives in the small intestine and causes giardiasis.
in addition to this , cameron has acted in christian-themed films , including left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he plays cameron " buck " williams .
this was the area east of the mouth of the vistula river , sometimes known as " prussia proper " .
after graduating , he went back to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and then was made artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts in the gospel of matthew and luke .
weelkes later got into trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities due to his heavy drinking and bad behaviour .
so far , ' celebrity ' episodes have featured vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
it was found by stephen p. synnott in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken in 1979 while orbiting jupiter .
gomaespuma was a spanish radio program , hosted by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser .
on june 16 , 2009 , the official launch date of the resistance was posted on the band 's website .
he is also a member of another boyband called 183 club .
the apostolic tradition , which is credited to the theologian hippolytus , says that hallel psalms were sung with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts.
in return , rollo promised loyalty to charles , became a christian , and agreed to protect the northern region of france from other viking groups .
it comes from voice of america  voa  special english .
disney received a full-size oscar statuette and seven small ones , given to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid found by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is an area in the canton of graubünden , switzerland .
it goes on as the bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .
this causes customer confusion when 220  1,048,576  bytes is referred to as 1 mb  megabyte  instead of 1 mib .
many reports have discussed the issue of ethics in scholarship regarding the incident .
they are castrated so the animal can be calmer or gain weight faster .
seventh sons have special abilities called " knacks " , and seventh sons of seventh sons are both very rare and powerful .
benchmarking done by passmark software showed that the 2009 version had an install time of 52 seconds , a scan time of 32 seconds , and a memory usage of 7 mb .
volterra is a town in the tuscany region of italy .
in the past , itch and pain were not considered to be separate from each other , but recently it was found that itch has similarities to pain , but also has unique features .
the tongue is sticky because of glycoprotein-rich mucous , which lubricates movement in and out of the snout and catches ants and termites , sticking to it .
the same tram had gone off the tracks at starr gate loop in the trials before on 30 may 2006 .
statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both previous ipswich town and england managers , are outside the ground .
find the square root of the variance .
volunteers gave food , blankets , water , children 's toys , massages , and a live rock band performance to the people at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the pays-de-la-loire region in northwestern france .
if there are no land use controls , buildings can be built along a bypass , turning it into a regular town road and eventually making it as congested as the streets it was meant to avoid .
it is also a starting place for people who want to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises often hurt but are usually not dangerous .
no one from wikipedia , including the authors , contributors , sponsors , administrators , and vandals , can be held responsible for your use of the information found in or linked from these web pages .
george frideric handel was also kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover  who later became george i of great britain  .
their eyes are very small , and their vision is bad .
they are only rivaled in toughness by chitin as a biological material .
oregano is an important part of greek cuisine .
tickets can be purchased for national rail services , the docklands light railway and with oyster card .
he produced and published these works himself , while the larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned .
the historical method includes the techniques and guidelines which historians use primary sources and other evidence to study and then write history .
the weight of the continental icecap on lake vostok is believed to increase the oxygen concentration .
in 2000 , the population was 89,148 .
aliteracy , sometimes spelled alliteracy , is the condition of being able to read but not wanting to .
mifepristone is a manufactured steroid used as a drug .
it will then move away and sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
additionally , research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know , trust , and / or care about .
now , landis ' father is a big supporter of his son and sees himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans .
shortly after becoming category 4 , the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged .
the balance price for a certain type of labor is the wage .
believing that the grounds were haunted , they chose to publish their findings in a book an adventure  1911  , using the pseudonyms elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he lived in london , focusing on teaching .
brunstad has a few fast food restaurants , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and its own grocery store .
he left 11,000 troops to guard the newly conquered region .
in 1438 trevi became part of the legation of perugia and was under the control of the church , and after 1860 it became part of the united kingdom of italy .
the depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation without convection , and faded away the next day in brazil , where it brought heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was a police force in new york city from 1952 to 1995 .
the current members of the band are flynn  vocals , guitar  , duce  bass  , phil demmel  guitar  , and dave mcclain  drums  .
countries with a small muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries in the middle east to use mosques to encourage civic involvement .
the characters are crude versions of their previous characters pete and dud .
johan was the original bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but left before the band released a studio album .
in 1998 , culver won the race for iowa secretary of state .
mark messier won the hart in 1990 , by two votes , with one extra first-place vote .
shade's rash decision to break the law starts the main plot of the novel, causing the destruction of his colony's home , forcing their early migration , and his separation from them .
the female version is a daughter .
he was diagnosed with untreatable abdominal cancer in april 1999 .
before the storm arrived , the national park service shut down visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks .
the form of chess played is speed chess , where each player has twelve minutes for the whole game .
the amazon basin is the region in south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two ex-presidents were later charged with mutiny and treason for their part in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
moderate to severe damage stretched up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .
since the owner is usually unaware , these computers are metaphorically called zombies .
the wave traveled across the atlantic , and turned into a tropical depression off the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .
the associated press stylebook is updated every year , for instance .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke and gospel of john , probably written between ad 65 and 100 .
since the end of the 19th century , eschelbronn is famous for its furniture making industry .
the top part looks like the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
unlike earth's clouds , which are made up of ice crystals , neptune's cirrus clouds consist of frozen methane crystals .
they cannot fully participate until they reach legal adulthood .
development stable versions are rare , but sometimes there are subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use .
finally in 1482 the order sent him to florence , the ‘ city of his fate ’ .
during the soviet era , the bolsheviks destroyed two of rostov 's main landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral  1908  and st george cathedral in nakhichevan  1783-1807  .
he passed away on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , spain and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .
this was shown in the miller-urey experiment by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953 .
cogeneration , also called combined heat and power ( CHP ) , is using a heat engine or a power station to produce both electricity and useful heat at the same time .
the male " den master " sometimes allows a second male in the den ; the reason is unknown .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript or css code snippet that can be activated by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
here are some helpful links to help you get involved .
he was the prime minister of egypt from 1945 to 1946 and again from 1946 to 1948 .
she was left behind , though the reason for this is uncertain , when the rest of the nicoleños were relocated to the mainland .
james i made him a gentleman of the chapel royal , where he worked as an organist from 1615 until his death .
chauvin was embarrassed to get his award and first said he might not accept it .
later , esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that surrounded it as important , even if esperanto is never accepted by the united nations or other international organizations .
dry air wrapping around the southern side of the cyclone removed most of the deep convection by early on september 12 .
calvin baker is an american writer .
eva anna paula braun , also known as eva anna paula hitler ( 6 february 1912 – 30 april 1945 ) , was the longtime companion and , for a brief time , wife of adolf hitler .
each license has a different version number .
most irc servers don't need users to register an account , but a user will need to set a nickname before connecting .
in the same year , he also got a mechanics certificate , making him the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
summerslam  2009  is a professional wrestling pay-per-view event made by world wrestling entertainment  wwe  , happening on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles , california .
generally shown as bald , with long whiskers , he is believed to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
a few animals have chromatic response , changing color according to the environment , either seasonally  ermine , snowshoe hare  or quickly with chromatophores in their integument  the cephalopod family  .
val venis kept the wwf intercontinental championship by beating rikishi in a steel cage match; venis pinned him after tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera .
this is like the unix philosophy of having many programs each doing one thing well and working together through universal interfaces .
he came from a musical family ; his mother , larue , was an administrative assistant and singer , and his father , keith brion , was a band director at yale university .
the biggest groups of mennonites are in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states , but mennonites can also be found living in small groups in 51 countries on six continents or mixed in with the people of those countries .
naas is a major " dublin suburb " town , with many people from naas working in dublin .
acanthopholis had oval plates set almost flat into the skin , with spikes coming out from the neck and shoulders area , and along the spine .
origin irmo was created on christmas eve in 1890 because of the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
however , bills proposed by the law commission , and consolidation bills , begin in the house of lords .
before he was finally released in 1474 , when he planned to take back wallachia , vlad lived with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital .
you can add a segment of up to 5 words as a front-cover text and a segment of up to 25 words as a back-cover text to the last part of the list of cover texts in the modified version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is the soft tissue found inside bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering of blue light is more efficient than red light , which is also the same process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets .
monteux is a commune of the vaucluse department in southern france , in the region provence-alpes-côte d ' azur .
macgruber begins to ask for simple items to make something to defuse the bomb , but he is later sidetracked by something usually related to his personal life , which makes him run out of time .
messiaen had almost finished it when he died , and yvonne loriod finished the orchestration of the last movement with help from george benjamin .
shi ' a muslims see karbala as one of the holiest cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
the pad asked for the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat to resign , as they were seen as thaksin's representatives .
but traveling through distant regions , on secluded tracks , needs preparation and a trustworthy , reliable vehicle usually a four wheel drive .
while he worked at kahn , he was chief architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he apologizes for leaving to go to rehearsal , and he and dr. schön depart .
britpop came from the british independent music scene of the early 1990s and was defined by bands that were inspired by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
this was included in battalions made for xi international brigade .
fewer people ride the sheppard line compared to the other two subway lines , and shorter trains are being used .
it can hold 98,772 people , making it the biggest stadium in europe and the eleventh biggest in the world .
in december 1967 , ten boom was given the title of one of the righteous among the nations by the state of israel .
some articles are long and full of information while others are shorter and not as good .
there are about 95 species accepted .
eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word which means " the place where the sand washes down the hill ".
words such as " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are often used in english .
jurisdiction comes from public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society .
he then wrote several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is aracaju , with a population of .
yet , farrenc was paid less than her male colleagues for almost 10 years .
gumbasia was made in a style vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles .
the lawyer , brandon waise lee , inspired him , and mk sun grew up to be an attorney .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an old township situated near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .
donaldson joined the australian army on 18 june 2002 .
prospectors from california , europe and china were also searching the peel river and up the mountain slopes .
before pocket calculators were invented , it was the most popular tool for calculations in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display , better battery life , 20 percent quicker page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text out loud , and reduced thickness from 0.8 to 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  .
yoghurt or yogurt is a dairy product made by bacterial fermentation of milk .
75 defensemen are in the hall of fame , more than any other current position , while only 35 goaltenders have been accepted .
different opinions on the subject have been suggested throughout the years  see below  , but all were turned down by mainstream christian groups .
the album was banned from many record stores across the country .
the legs are wide at the top , and get narrower at the ankle .
in late 2004 , suleman removed howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations , because of stern 's frequent talks about his future move to sirius satellite radio .
the company opened twice as many stores in canada than mcdonald 's " wendy 's confirms tim hortons ipo by march " , ottawa business journal , december 1 , 2005 , and system-wide sales were higher than mcdonald 's canadian operations in 2002 .
captain caleb holt  kirk cameron  is a firefighter in albany , georgia and follows the rule of all firemen , " never leave your partner behind " .
he won the presidential election on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the vote .
the plant is thought to be a living fossil .
in 1990 , she was the only female performer allowed to perform in saudi arabia .
stravinsky first thought of writing the ballet in 1913 .
demonstrations all over the nation were stopped .
offenbach's operettas like orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène were very popular in both france and the english-speaking world in the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles from the tang dynasty with this symbol have been found near the ancient city of chang ' an  now xian  .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux  ( february 13 , 1921 - november 11 , 1968 ) was a french organist , pianist , composer , and teacher .
most people said that the instrument was very hard to control .
santa maria maggiore , also known as st. mary the greater , is the oldest existing church in assisi .
characteristics radar observations show it is mainly made of iron-nickel .
railway gazette international is a monthly magazine that covers the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries all over the world .
he was made companion of honour  ch  in 1988 .
loèche has the facilities of onyx , the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small cardboard folder  matchcover  that contains matches and has a rough striking surface outside .
she was one of the first doctors to oppose cigarette smoking near children , and drug use in pregnant women .
she vowed to never give up the commune , and challenged the judges to sentence her to death .
there is a three-volume manga series in english about graystripe , between the time he was taken by twolegs in dawn and his return to thunderclan in the sight .
syrians did not live in groups in cities ; many of the immigrants who were peddlers could interact with americans daily , according to samovar & porter  1994  , p . 84 .
he was also known for his prints , book covers , posters , and metalwork garden furniture .
she had collapsed lungs twice as a child , pneumonia 4-5 times a year , a ruptured appendix , and a tonsillar cyst .
dr. david lindenmeyer  australian national university  said that the need for nest boxes shows that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable , for preserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum .
the montreal canadiens are a professional hockey team in montreal , quebec , canada .
little value inductors can also be made on integrated circuits with the same methods used to make transistors .
the word gribble was first used for wood-boring species , such as limnoria lignorum which was described in norway by rathke in 1799 .
wounds from a club are normally called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
after that , the county 's management was done in duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has done a quadruple axel in competition yet .
from the phone exchange , the port jackson district commandant could talk to all the military bases on the harbour .
however , even people who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without wanting to pray must still follow some rules .
it is said to be pointy-faced and around the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is judged by how much useful work it can do compared to the time and resources used .
some of the biggest reservoirs in the world are located along the volga .
the crosier stands for the monasteries of the region.
human skin colours can range from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , assisted yunus with the legal formation of the bank with a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer said there were plans to put saddam on trial , but he had not decided the details yet .
members of the professional hockey writers ' association vote for the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan are to the north , west , south and east of afghanistan , respectively , and border iran , pakistan and the people's republic of china .
nupedia was created on march 9 , 2000 , owned by bomis , inc , a web portal company .
key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule are important features of the design .
iain grieve , born on 19 february , 1987 in jwaneng , botswana , is a rugby union back-rower for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
other nearby villages are pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
murray gell-mann and george zweig proposed the quark model in 1964 .
the fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added when the column was moved to its current location in 1938-39 .
west berlin had its own postal system , not connected to west germany 's , and issued its own stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro botticelli from 1482 .
new south wales 's biggest city and capital is sydney .
the polymer is usually epoxy , but other polymers like polyester , vinyl ester or nylon are also used .
the name is used as a brand for a related digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which have stayed active after the end of the printed magazine .
when he was four-and-a-half , he had to take care of himself on the streets of northern italy for the next four years , staying in different orphanages and travelling with groups of homeless children .
stands were added behind each set of goals in the 1980s and 1990s as the ground was modernized .
a town can be called a market town or having market rights even if it isn't holding a market , as long as the right to do so still exists .
a fortification on the eastern side was built afterwards .
in europe on july 29th , the battle of stiklestad took place in norway and olav haraldsson was killed by his pagan vassals .
some have suggested that tresca was killed by the nkvd as revenge for his criticism of stalin's rule in the soviet union .
this caused both montenegro and serbia to become independent countries .
use html and css markup carefully and only with a good reason .
schuschnigg quickly answered publicly that reports of riots were wrong .
addiscombe is a neighborhood in the london borough of croydon , england .
in certain cases , the related meaning of constituent is a person living in the area governed , represented , or otherwise served by a politician ; sometimes this only applies to citizens who chose the politician.
prunk is part of institute of european history in mainz , and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn .
stallone also appeared briefly in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead , the crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm connected to the " hovercraft " and filmed the scene while driving up templin highway north of santa clarita .
the conference papers were released the next year in a bookmicroeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al .
the wario land series is a platforming series that began with wario land : super mario land 3 , a spin-off of the super mario land series .
frédéric chopin 's opus 57 is a lullaby for solo piano .
these attacks may have been mental instead of physical .
a historian said that quinine enabled settlers to move into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa .
also , spectroscopic studies have indicated hydrated minerals and silicates , which show a stony surface composition .
she became the official editor of her husband 's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury looks like the moon : it has many craters with smooth plains , no natural satellites , and no thick atmosphere .
geography the town is in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
these areas are great for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was controlled by turkish and afghan governors from the delhi sultanate before the mughals arrived in 1608 .
the prime minister remains in office only if they keep the lower house's support .
rowling thought this scene was important because it showed harry's bravery , and he showed selflessness and compassion by getting cedric's body .
on june 1 , 1972 , he and two other raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were caught after a long gunfight in frankfurt .
they joined together to form new music manchester , a group dedicated to contemporary music .
the powerful and concentrated hurricane caused a lot of damage in the upper florida keys , with a storm surge of around 18 to 20 feet.
it is now the place of meher baba 's samadhi  tomb-shrine  and has facilities and places to stay for pilgrims .
the ruined dome of the main church has been fully restored .
in 2005 , meissner became the second american woman to do the triple axel jump in a national competition .
salem is a city in essex county , massachusetts , usa .
forty-nine types of pipefish and nine types of seahorse have been recorded .
saint martin is a tropical island in the northeast caribbean , about 300 km  186 miles  east of puerto rico .
so , these pdfs cannot be shared without extra editing if they have images .
in april 1862 , ben was arrested because of police inspector sir frederick pottinger, for joining an armed robbery with frank gardiner .
it rained heavily in different parts of britain on october 5 , causing localized flooding .
version 2009.1 has a usb installer to create a live usb , where the user can save their configuration and personal data if they want .
the seats were divided in relation to the parties ' power in the federal assembly as follows : free democratic party  fdp  : 2 members , christian democratic people 's party  cvp  : 2 members , social democratic party  sp  : 2 members , and swiss people 's party  svp  : 1 member .
a fee is the payment for services , especially the honorarium given to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other expert .
ohio state's library system includes twenty-one libraries located on its columbus campus .
in other news , iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of norway , but scotland was able to fight off a norse invasion and make a good peace agreement .
the songs from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in april 2000 , minix became free / open source software with a permissive free software licence , but by then other operating systems had surpassed it , and it remained mainly an operating system for students and hobbyists .
the body color changes from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and sometimes , it has dark brown spots , usually on the limbs .
the britannica was mainly a scottish venture , as shown by its thistle logo , which is the flower symbol of scotland .
the area covered by the warning issued on september 22 was expanded southwards as jose got stronger , before being cancelled shortly after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune said that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders admitted to using mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards at the start of battle .
the latter gave viewers the same information that intertitles do now , and can help historians understand what the movie was like .
this is because real estate , businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as security to borrow money for industrial and commercial growth .
he escaped from sydney cove several times before being killed by a gunshot in 1796 .
ned and dan moved to the police camp , and told them to give up .
before the second game started , the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " show was not as good as veeck's usual promotional standards .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now , joss whedon confirmed that " fray is not finished , it is coming back .
a mutant is a fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test , formerly scholastic aptitude test and scholastic assessment test , is a test needed for college admissions in the united states .
civil disturbance in northern italy created the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by groups of flagellants .
some reports say that different factors can increase the chance of paralysis and hallucinations .
he was sentenced to transportation to australia for seven years .
waugh said that charles had been "looking for love" when he first met sebastian , and found "that low door in the wall" which opened to "an enclosed and enchanted garden" , which has meaning in the book in many ways .
her well-known friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also an important part of her life .
the word dorsal means parts of an animal that are either located or grow on the back side .
"Protein" was created by berzelius , after mulder saw that all proteins had the same empirical formula and might be made of one kind of very large molecule.
after the jerilderie raid , the gang stayed hidden for 16 months to avoid being caught .
barneville-la-bertran is a town in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern france .
the color can be orange to pale yellow .
an extension was added in 1963 , going north from union station , under university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street , and then turning west to end at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , a part of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed through the western side of the simpson desert .
it is situated on an old portage trail which went west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are usually in danger of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both .
it was the largest sub-region in mesoamerica , with a wide and diverse geography , from the mountains of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google then put the comic on google books and their site and talked about it on its official blog along with an explanation for the early release .
anyone can register a pedigree with the college , where it is carefully checked and requires official evidence before being changed .
the book , political economy , was released in 1985 , but was not widely used in classrooms .
in 1990 , he toured with the ipo for their first performance in the soviet union in moscow and leningrad , and toured with them again in 1994 in china and india .
napoleonic wars : austrian general mack gave up his army to napoleon's grand army at ulm , giving napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and causing 10,000 casualties for the losers .
it has always been the economic capital of northern nigeria , and is known for producing and exporting groundnuts .
most south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora won the band many awards and honors .
after a short stand-off , the wwf cavalry attacked kane and jericho .
most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .
in the 5th century , slavs began to move into the area .
between 1900 and 1920 , many new buildings were built on campus , such as facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs , a chemistry building , a building for the natural sciences , hill auditorium , big hospital and library complexes , and two residence halls .
winchester is a town in scott county , illinois , united states .
the name arzashkun appears to be the assyrian version of an armenian name ending in -ka , which is derived from a proper name arzash and is similar to the name arsene , arsissa , given by the ancients to part of lake van .
from 16,421 people who participated in the national casting , she was selected among the 15 candidates to be on the tv show .
its episodes were aired on the abc network from its start on september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
the latter device can then be made and used in less strict environments .
gimnasia hired the well-known colombian coach francisco maturana , then julio césar falcioni , but both had little success .
brighton is a city in washington county , iowa , usa .
additionally , she was in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24 1979 , the 750th anniversary of the village , glinde was given its town charter .
pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 and mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , but she is now called " mario 's friend ".
the vagina is very stretchy and can widen many times its normal size during vaginal birth .
his exact birthdate is not known , but it is thought to be between 1935 and 1939 .
this numerical measure shows how much of a particular drug or other substance  inhibitor  is needed to stop a specific biological process  or part of a process , e.g. an enzyme , cell , cell receptor or microorganism  by half .
even though the name suggests that they are in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern , parts of the bernese alps are in the nearby cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
there he had one daughter , who was later called mary ann fisher power , to ann  e  power .
edward gorey said in an interview that bawden was one of his favorite artists , and felt sad that few people remembered or knew about him .
the string can vibrate in different ways like a guitar string can make different notes , and each mode looks like a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable got an academy award nomination when he played fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .
