the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a militia group of afro-arab abbala tribes from the northern rizeigat region , mainly make up one side of the armed conflicts .
jeddah is the main entrance to mecca , islam 's holiest city , that able-bodied muslims must visit at least once in their life .
scientists think the great dark spot is a hole in the methane cloud deck of neptune .
his next book , saturday , is about a busy day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord , attached it to the ball , and quickly crawled away to the east , tugging on the cord with all his strength .
six weeks later , he died on 13 january 888 .
they have a similar culture to the coastal peoples of papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the winner of the kate greenaway medal has also received the colin mears award worth £ 5000 .
after the drummers come dancers , who usually play the sogo  a tiny drum that makes almost no sound  and usually have more complex — even acrobatic — choreography .
the spacecraft has two main parts : the nasa cassini orbiter , named after giovanni domenico cassini , and the esa huygens probe , named after christiaan huygens .
alessandro  " sandro "  mazzola was born on 8 november 1942 and is an italian former football player .
people initially thought that the debris from the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham studied at wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 and graduated with a ba in anthropology .
however, the bzö is different from the freedom party , as it supports a referendum about the lisbon treaty but opposes an eu-withdrawal .
many species had disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century due to european settlement.
in 1987 wexler was given the honor of being inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame .
dextromethorphan is a white powder in its pure form .
it is very hard to get into tsinghua .
today nrc is structured as an autonomous , private foundation .
it is located along the coast of the baltic sea , surrounding the city of stralsund .
sports illustrated named him " sportsman of the year " in 1982.
fives is a british sport with a similar origin to many racquet sports .
for example , king bhumibol was born on a monday , so on his birthday thailand will be decorated with yellow everywhere .
both names were discontinued in 2007 when they were combined into the national museum of scotland .
however, tagore copied many styles , such as craftwork from northern new ireland , haida carvings from british columbia  , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , john f. kennedy , a presidential candidate , suggested the idea of the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she sang for president reagan in 1988 in the great performances at the white house series , which was broadcast on the public broadcasting service .
perry saturn and terri defeated eddie guerrero and chyna to win the wwf european championship when saturn pinned guerrero after a diving elbow drop .
she stayed in the united states until 1927 when she and her husband went back to france .
despina was found in late july, 1989 from the pictures taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor race was held on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he also made two collections of short stories called the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
the voyager 2 images show ophelia to be an elongated object with its major axis pointing towards uranus .
the british chose to get rid of him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in western australia from the south australian border to caiguna do not follow western australian time .
shells have been used to make mosaics and inlays for architectural decoration , which have been used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
the cities that are part of the palos verdes peninsula are rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
because of the fear that drek will ruin the galaxy , clank asked ratchet to help him locate the famous superhero captain qwark , in order to stop drek .
it is not really a louse .
he suggests using a user-focused design process in product creation cycles and also promotes interaction design as a major field.
it is possible that the other editors who reported you and the administrator who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone far away who they have never met .
working group i evaluates the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain is part of the hebrides , separated from the scottish mainland and from the inner hebrides by the rough waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife had a daughter , alanna marie orton , on july 12 , 2008 .
the minor planet center , a branch of the iau , assigns formal minor planet designations which are number-name combinations.
on september 30 , wind shear began to rise quickly and the storm started to weaken .
each entry has a datum , which is a duplicate of the data from the storage .
therefore, both men and women must follow these guidelines when attending a mosque , even if the mosque does not enforce them .
mariel of redwall is a book of fantasy by brian jacques , released in 1991 .
ryan prosser , born 10 july , 1988 , is a rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
like before , the assessment report contains four reports , three from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot , who was named after pierre curie , is a famous biochemist .
this stamp stayed the same for the rest of victoria 's reign , and many were made .
the international fight league was an american mma promotion called the world's first mma league.
giardia lamblia , also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis , is a type of protozoan parasite that lives in the small intestine and causes giardiasis .
cameron has also done many christian-themed productions , such as the post-rapture films left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he plays cameron " buck " williams .
this region was located east of the mouth of the vistula river , which was sometimes called " prussia proper " .
after graduating , he went back to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and was later chosen as artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts in the gospel of matthew and luke .
later , weelkes was reprimanded by the chichester cathedral authorities for his drinking and improper behavior.
the ' celebrity ' episodes have featured vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan so far .
stephen p. synnott found it in photos from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5 , 1979 when it was orbiting around jupiter .
gomaespuma was a spanish radio show hosted by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser .
on 16 june 2009 , the release date of the resistance was announced on the band 's website .
he is also part of another jungiery boyband, 183 club .
the apostolic tradition , written by hippolytus , said hallel psalms were sung with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts .
in exchange , rollo promised loyalty to charles , converted to christianity , and agreed to protect the northern area of france from other viking groups .
it comes from voice of america special english (VOA).
disney was presented with a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid found by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is a region in the canton of graubünden , switzerland .
it is now known as bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .
this makes it confusing for customers when 220 1,048,576 bytes is referred to as 1 mb instead of 1 mib .
many reports have discussed ethics in scholarship related to the incident .
they are neutered so that the animal can be calmer or gain weight faster .
seventh sons have special magical powers called "knacks" and seventh sons of seventh sons are very rare and powerful .
benchmarking done by passmark software showed that the 2009 version had a 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory utilization .
volterra is a town in the tuscany part of italy .
until recently , it was not thought that itch and pain were separate sensations , but now it is known that itch has similarities to pain , yet also has some distinctions .
the tongue is sticky because of glycoprotein-rich mucous which lubricates movement and catches ants and termites .
the same tram had gone off the tracks on 30 may 2006 at starr gate loop during earlier tests .
statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both ex-managers of ipswich town and england , are outside the ground .
calculate the square root of the variance .
volunteers gave out food , blankets , water , children's toys , massages, and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a town in the sarthe department in pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france .
without any land use controls , buildings can be built on a bypass , turning it into an ordinary town road and eventually becoming as crowded as the roads it was meant to avoid .
it is also a place to begin for those who want to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises can cause pain but are usually not serious .
no one connected with wikipedia can be held responsible for how you use the information on the website or from linked pages .
george frideric handel worked as kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover  who later became george i of great britain  .
their eyes are small and they have poor vision.
only chitin is tougher than them as a biological material .
oregano is essential in greek cooking .
tickets can be sold for national rail services , the docklands light railway and with an oyster card .
he made and published his smaller woodcuts himself , while his bigger ones were usually commissioned work .
the historical method uses techniques and guidelines to help historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and write history .
the heavy weight of the continental icecap on lake vostok is thought to lead to the high oxygen concentration .
in 2000 , the population was 89,148 .
aliteracy , sometimes spelled alliteracy , is being able to read but not wanting to do so .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid drug used in medicine .
it will then move away and sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
research has also found that children are less likely to tell about a crime if it involves someone close to them .
now , landis' father is a big fan of his son and cheerfully supports him .
after attaining category 4 status , the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged .
the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage rate .
believing the grounds were haunted , they chose to publish their discoveries in a book , an adventure , in 1911 , under the fake names elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he stayed in london , concentrating mostly on teaching others .
brunstad has some fast food restaurants , a cafeteria-style eatery , coffee bar , and its own grocery store .
he left 11,000 troops to guard the newly conquered region.
in 1438 trevi became part of the legation of perugia and was ruled by the church , and in 1860 it became part of the united kingdom of italy .
the depression moved inland on the 20th without any convection , and ended the following day in brazil , causing heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was a police agency in the city from 1952 to 1995 .
the band now consists of flynn  vocals , guitar  , duce  bass  , phil demmel  guitar  , and dave mcclain  drums  .
countries with a small muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries in the greater middle east to use mosques to promote civic participation .
the characters are sweary versions of pete and dud from before .
johan was the first bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall, but left before they released a studio album.
in 1998 , culver ran for iowa secretary of state and won .
in 1990 , mark messier won the hart trophy over ray bourque by two votes , due to one first-place vote .
shade causes the main story of the novel to start when he breaks the law carelessly , which leads to the ruin of his colony 's home , making them move and him to be apart from them .
the female version is a daughter .
he was told he had inoperable abdominal cancer in april 1999 .
before the storm came , the national park service shut down visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks .
the type of chess played is speed chess where each player has 12 minutes to finish the game .
the amazon basin is the area of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two ex-presidents were charged with mutiny and treason for their part in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
the damage ranged from moderate to severe along the atlantic coastline and reached as far inland as west virginia .
these computers are often likened to zombies because the owner is usually unaware of them .
the wave spread across the atlantic , and formed into a tropical depression near the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .
the associated press stylebook is updated each year .
the four canonical gospel texts are matthew , mark , luke , and john , likely written between ad 65 and 100 .
since the late 1800s , eschelbronn is well known for its furniture production .
the top half looks like the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
unlike the clouds on earth , neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of frozen methane crystals .
they can only take part until they reach legal adulthood .
development stable versions are rare , but there are often subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use .
in 1482 the order sent him to florence , the ‘ city of his destiny ’ .
during the soviet years , the bolsheviks destroyed two of rostov 's famous landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral  1908  and st george cathedral in nakhichevan  1783-1807  .
he passed away on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , spain and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .
stanley l. miller and harold c. urey showed this in the miller-urey experiment in 1953.
cogeneration , also known as combined heat and power ( CHP ) , is the use of a heat engine or a power station to generate both electricity and useful heat at the same time .
sometimes , the male " den master " also lets a second male into the den , but the reason is unknown .
wikipedia gadgets are javascript and / or css snippets that can be activated by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
here are some helpful links to help you participate .
he was the prime minister of egypt from 1945 to 1948 .
she was left behind when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland , and there are various explanations for this .
james i made him a gentleman of the chapel royal , where he worked as an organist from 1615 until his death .
chauvin was embarrassed to get his award and first said he might not accept it .
later , esperanto speakers viewed the language and its culture as important in itself , even if it was not accepted by the united nations or other international organizations .
dry air around the southern edge of the cyclone weakened most of the deep convection by early september 12 .
calvin baker is a novelist from america .
eva anna paula braun , also known as eva anna paula hitler , died on 30 april 1945 and was the companion and, briefly, wife of adolf hitler .
each version of the license has a different number .
many irc servers don't need users to sign up , but a user has to choose a nickname before connecting .
he got a mechanics certificate that same year, making him the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
summerslam 2009 is a professional wrestling pay-per-view event by wwe happening on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles , california .
he is usually pictured as bald , with long whiskers , and is thought to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
some animals change color in different environments , either seasonally like ermines and snowshoe hares , or quickly with chromatophores in their skin like cephalopods .
val venis won the steel cage match against rikishi to keep the wwf intercontinental championship , and venis pinned rikishi after tazz struck him with a tv camera .
this is like the unix philosophy of having multiple programs that each do one thing well and work together via universal interfaces .
his parents were both in music; his mother , larue , was a singer and office worker , and his father , keith brion , was a band director at yale .
mennonites have large populations in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states , as well as smaller communities in 51 other countries on six continents or living amongst the population of those countries .
naas is a major " dublin suburb " town , with many people living there and working in dublin .
acanthopholis had oval plates in its skin , with spikes coming out of its neck and shoulders , going down its spine .
origin irmo was given its charter on christmas eve in 1890 because of the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
in contrast, bills made by the law commission, and consolidation bills, begin in the house of lords .
before vlad was released in 1474 , he and his new wife lived in a house in the hungarian capital to prepare for the reconquest of wallachia .
you may add a phrase of five words or less as a front-cover text and a phrase of up to 25 words as a back-cover text to the end of the list of cover texts in the altered version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is the spongy tissue inside bones .
reflection nebulae are often blue because the scattering is more effective for blue light than red light , which is the same process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets .
monteux is a village in the vaucluse département in southern france , in the region provence-alpes-côte d ' azur .
macgruber begins finding items to defuse the bomb , but he is later sidetracked by something related to his personal life and runs out of time .
messiaen had almost finished the piece when he died , and yvonne loriod orchestrated the last movement with help from george benjamin .
shi ' a muslims see karbala as one of their most sacred cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
the pad demanded the resignations of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat , whom they said were representing thaksin .
but traveling through very remote areas , on secluded paths , needs careful planning and a reliable , suitable vehicle usually a four wheel drive .
while at kahn , he was the main architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he apologizes and says he has to go to rehearsal , and then he and dr. schön leave .
britpop came from the british independent music scene of the early 1990s and was defined by bands that were inspired by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
this was added to the battalions forming the xi international brigade .
the sheppard line has fewer people using it than the other two subway lines , and shorter trains are operated .
it can hold 98,772 people , making it the biggest stadium in europe and the 11th largest in the world .
in december 1967 , ten boom was recognized as one of the righteous among the nations by israel .
some articles are long and detailed while others are shorter and not as good .
around 95 species are recognized .
people say eugowra got its name from the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill " .
words like " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are often used in english .
jurisdiction is based on public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law, and the power of the government to use resources to benefit the people who live there .
he then wrote several other works about hiawatha , including the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital city of the state is aracaju .
despite this , farrenc was paid less than her male colleagues for almost 10 years .
gumbasia was made using the kinesthetic film principles that vorkapich taught.
mk sun grew up to be a lawyer , inspired by brandon  waise lee .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an old town near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .
donaldson joined the australian army on 18 june 2002 for a military career .
prospectors from california , europe and china were also searching along the peel river and up the mountain slopes .
before pocket calculators existed , it was the most popular tool for calculations in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display , better battery life , faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option , and is 0.36 inches thick .
yoghurt is a dairy product made by fermenting milk with bacteria .
75 defencemen are in the hall of fame , more than any other current position , while only 35 goaltenders have been chosen .
other opinions on the topic have been suggested over the years  see below  , but they were all rejected by mainstream christian groups .
the album was not allowed in many record stores across the country .
the legs are wide at the top and get narrower at the ankle .
in 2004 , suleman got attention by removing howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations , because of his talks about joining sirius satellite radio .
the company opened twice as many canadian stores as mcdonald's , and their sales were higher than mcdonald's in canada by 2002 .
the protagonist , captain caleb holt  kirk cameron  is a firefighter in albany , georgia and follows the cardinal rule of all firemen , "never leave your partner behind".
he won the presidential election on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the vote .
the plant is a living fossil .
in 1990 , she was the only female artist allowed to perform in saudi arabia .
stravinsky thought of writing the ballet in 1913 .
protests were shut down across the nation .
jacques offenbach's operettas , including orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène , were very well-known in france and the english-speaking world in the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles from the tang dynasty with this symbol were found near the old city of chang ' an , which is now xian .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux ( february 13 , 1921 - november 11 , 1968) was a french organist, pianist, composer, and teacher.
most people said that the instrument was hard to control .
the earliest church still existing in assisi is santa maria maggiore , also known as st. mary the greater .
radar observations show that the composition of the material is mostly iron and nickel .
railway gazette international is a monthly magazine that has information about railways , metros , light rail , and trams worldwide .
in 1988 , he was given the title of companion of honour  ch  .
loèche holds the facilities of onyx , the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small folder made of cardboard which encloses matches and has a rough surface on the outside for striking .
she was one of the first doctors to oppose cigarette smoking near children , and drug use in pregnant women .
she vowed to never renounce the commune defiantly and challenged the judges to sentence her to death.
there is a three volume english manga series about graystripe , from when he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
syrians did not stay in cities only ; many of the immigrants who were peddlers could talk to americans every day, as said in samovar & porter  1994  , p . 84 .
he was well-known for his prints , book covers , posters , and metalwork furniture for gardens .
when she was a child , she had collapsed lungs twice , pneumonia 4-5 times a year , a ruptured appendix , and a tonsillar cyst .
dr. david lindenmeyer  australian national university  said that the need for nest boxes shows that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable , for protecting hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum .
the montreal canadiens are a hockey team from montreal , quebec , canada .
small value inductors can also be made on integrated circuits with the same processes used for transistors .
the term gribble was first used to describe the wood-boring species , such as limnoria lignorum which was discovered in norway by rathke in 1799 .
injuries caused by a club are called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
after that , the county 's administration was done in duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
nobody has done a quadruple axel in competition yet .
the port jackson district commandant could contact all military sites on the harbour from the telephone exchange .
even people who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying must follow certain rules .
it is said to be pointed in the face and as big as a rabbit .
computer performance is judged by how much work it can do with the resources available .
some of the biggest reservoirs in the world are on the volga .
the crosier shows the monasteries of the region .
human skin can be very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , supported yunus to set up the bank with the help of a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer said that saddam would be put on trial , but added that the details of the trial had not been decided .
the professional hockey writers ' association vote for the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan are north, west, south and east of afghanistan, respectively, and border iran, pakistan, and the people's republic of china.
nupedia began on march 9 , 2000 , owned by bomis , inc , a web portal company .
the design has key-dependent s-boxes and a complicated key schedule as notable features .
iain grieve , born 19 february , 1987 in jwaneng , botswana , is a rugby union back-rower for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
pont-bellanger and beaumesnil are other nearby settlements .
in 1964 , murray gell-mann and george zweig both proposed the quark model .
the fourth ring was added in 1938-39 with golden garlands when the column was moved to its current position .
west berlin had its own postal system , different from west germany 's , and it issued its own stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by italian renaissance painter sandro botticelli , created in 1482 .
sydney is the largest city and capital of new south wales .
the polymer is usually epoxy , but other polymers , such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon , can be used too .
the name is still used for a related digital tv channel , radio station , and website , even though the magazine has ended .
at four-and-a-half years old he was alone in the streets of northern italy and lived in orphanages and with groups of homeless children for the next four years .
stands were put up behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground was modernised .
a town can be called a market town or with market rights even without a market , if the right to hold one still exists .
they built a bastion on the eastern approaches later .
on july 29 , the battle of stiklestad in norway was fought , where olav haraldsson was killed by his pagan vassals .
some people think that tresca was killed by the nkvd as punishment for criticizing stalin's rule in the soviet union .
this made montenegro and serbia independent countries .
use html and css markup only when needed .
schuschnigg said publicly that reports of riots were false .
addiscombe is a neighborhood in the london borough of croydon , england .
sometimes, in certain contexts , constituent can refer to a citizen who lives in the area a politician serves and who voted for them .
prunk is part of the institute of european history in mainz and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn .
stallone also appeared in a cameo role in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
the crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the " hovercraft " and filmed the scene while driving up templin highway near santa clarita .
the conference papers were printed the year after in a book called microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al .
the wario land series is a platforming game series that began with wario land : super mario land 3 , a spin-off of the super mario land series .
frédéric chopin 's opus 57 is a lullaby for solo piano .
these attacks may have been mental rather than physical .
a historian said that quinine's effectiveness allowed colonists to move to the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa .
also , spectroscopic studies showed signs of hydrated minerals and silicates , suggesting a stony surface composition .
she was the main editor of her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury looks like the moon : it is covered in craters , has no moons , and has no significant atmosphere .
geographically , the town is located in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
these areas are perfect for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull to live in .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was governed by the turkish and afghan governors of the delhi sultanate until the mughals came in 1608 .
the prime minister only remains in office if the lower house still supports them .
rowling thinks this scene is significant because harry's bravery is shown , and he displays selflessness and compassion by retrieving cedric's corpse .
he and two other raf members , jan-carl raspe and holger meins , were caught after a long battle in frankfurt on june 1 , 1972 .
together they created new music manchester , a group devoted to modern music .
the powerful hurricane caused severe damage in the upper florida keys , with a storm surge of 18 to 20 feet .
meher baba's samadhi tomb-shrine and facilities for pilgrims are now located there .
the main church's collapsed dome has been completely restored .
in 2005 , meissner became the second american female to land the triple axel jump in a contest .
salem is a city in essex county , massachusetts , usa .
49 species of pipefish and 9 species of seahorse have been seen .
saint martin is a tropical island in the northeast caribbean , about 300 km  186 miles  from puerto rico .
consequently , these pdfs cannot be shared without further changes if they have images .
in april 1862 , ben was arrested by police inspector sir frederick pottinger for being involved in an armed robbery with frank gardiner .
on october 5th , heavy rain fell in some areas of britain , causing flooding in some places .
version 2009.1 has a usb installer that can create a live usb , where the user can save their configuration and data if they want to .
the seats were divided according to the parties ' strength in the federal assembly like this : free democratic party  fdp  : 2 people , christian democratic people 's party  cvp  : 2 people , social democratic party  sp  : 2 people , and swiss people 's party  svp  : 1 person .
a fee is the cost for services , especially the money paid to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other professional .
ohio state has a library system of 21 libraries on its columbus campus .
iceland and greenland accepted norway's overlordship , but scotland defended itself and made a good peace settlement with norway .
the songs from the album were " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
minix was made free / open source software in april 2000 under a permissive free software licence , but by then other operating systems had more capabilities , so it stayed mainly as an OS for students and hobbyists .
the body color can be medium brown , golden , beige-white , and sometimes there are dark brown spots , mainly on the limbs .
the britannica was mostly a scottish endeavor , as seen in its thistle logo , the flower of scotland .
the warning issued on september 22 was extended southwards as jose grew stronger , before being taken away soon after it made landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune reported that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders said they had used mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the beginning of the battle.
the former gave audiences facts that intertitles do now , and can help historians understand what the film was like .
that is because assets in the underground economies of the third world can't be used as collateral to get money to finance industrial and commercial growth .
he escaped from sydney cove multiple times before he was shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan marched to the police camp and demanded they surrender .
before the second game started , the press said the " midget-in-a-cake " act was not as good as veeck's normal promotions .
joss whedon said in a video promoting the charity equality now that " fray is not done , it's coming back .
a mutant is a type of character that appears in marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test , formerly known as the scholastic aptitude test and scholastic assessment test , is a standardized test for college admissions in the united states .
civil unrest in northern italy created the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by flagellant groups .
some reports say that certain things can cause both paralysis and hallucinations .
he was given the sentence of transportation to australia for seven years .
waugh wrote that charles had been "looking for love" when he first met sebastian and found "a small door in the wall to an enclosed garden" , which was a metaphor in his work.
her famous relationship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also important in her life .
the word dorsal refers to features that are either found on or grow from the back side of an animal .
berzelius coined the word "protein" after mulder noticed that all proteins had the same formula and could be made up of one large molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang hid for 16 months to avoid being caught .
barneville-la-bertran is a town in the calvados department in france's basse-normandie region .
the color can be from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 an extra line was added , going north from union station , under university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street , then turning west to end at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , a part of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed through the western side of the simpson desert .
the old portage trail that led west to unalakleet goes through the town .
those with cardiomyopathy are at risk of arrhythmia , sudden cardiac death , or both .
mesoamerica's biggest sub-region , it was a huge and varied landscape , with the sierra madre's mountainous areas to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
afterwards , google made the comic on google books and their site and talked about it on its official blog with a reason for the early release .
anyone can register a pedigree with the college , which will be audited internally and needs official proof before being changed.
the book , political economy , was released in 1985 , but was not widely used in classrooms .
he went on tour with the ipo in 1990 for their first-ever show in the soviet union , with concerts in moscow and leningrad , and toured with them again in 1994 , performing in china and india .
during the napoleonic wars , austrian general mack surrendered his army to napoleon's grand army at ulm , taking 30,000 prisoners and causing 10,000 casualties.
kano has been the economic center of northern nigeria for a long time , and a center for the making and selling of groundnuts .
most south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora won the band many awards and honors .
after a short standoff , the wwf cavalry went back and fought kane and jericho .
richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman wrote most of the songs .
in the 5th century , the slavs began to move into the area .
from 1900 to 1920 many new buildings were built on campus , including ones for dental and pharmacy , chemistry , natural sciences , hill auditorium , a hospital , a library , and two residence halls .
winchester is a city in illinois , usa .
the name arzashkun appears to be the assyrian form of an armenian name ending in -ka which is derived from the proper name arzash , similar to the name arsene , arsissa , used by the ancients to describe part of lake van .
out of 16,421 people , she was one of the 15 chosen to appear on the tv show .
the abc network aired its episodes from september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
the latter device can then be made and used in less demanding environments .
gimnasia got francisco maturana , a famous colombian trainer , and then julio césar falcioni , but neither had much success .
brighton is a city in washington county , iowa in the united states .
she also featured in some music videos , such as " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24 1979  , glinde was given its town charter to celebrate the village 's 750th anniversary .
pauline appeared in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 , and again in mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , but she is referred to as " mario 's friend " now .
the vagina is very stretchy and can expand to many times its normal size during childbirth .
no one knows his exact date of birth , but it is thought to be between 1935 and 1939 .
this number tells how much of a drug or other substance is needed to reduce a biological process , like an enzyme, cell, cell receptor, or microorganism , by half .
although the name implies they are in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern , parts of the bernese alps are in other cantons like valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
he and ann  e  power had one daughter there , who was later baptized as mary ann fisher power .
in an interview , edward gorey said that bawden was one of his favorite artists , but few people remembered or knew about him.
the string can vibrate like a guitar string and each vibration creates a different particle, such as an electron, photon, or gluon.
gable was nominated for an academy award when he acted as fletcher christian in the movie mutiny on the bounty ( 1935 ) .
