one side of the armed conflicts is composed of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
jeddah is the principal gateway to Mecca, Islam's holiest city, which all able-bodied Muslims are required to visit at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is believed to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of neptune .
his next work is called saturday and follows an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the black tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord and , attaching it to the ball , quickly crawled away to the east , pulling on the cord with all his strength .
he died on 13 january 888 .
the people of the island are culturally similar to the coastal people of papua new guinea
since 2000 , the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also received the colin mears award worth £ 5000 .
following the drummers are dancers who often play the sogo, a tiny drum that makes almost no sound, and tend to have more elaborate -- even acrobatic -- choreography.
the spacecraft has two main parts : the nasa cassini orbiter , named after the italian-french astronomer giovanni domenico cassini, and the esa huygens probe , named after the dutch astronomer , mathematician and physicist christiaan huygens.
Alessandro " Sandro " Mazzola was born on November 8th, 1942.
it was thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham attended wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 and graduated with a bachelor's degree in anthropology in 1943 .
the bzö differs from the freedom party in that it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon treaty but against an EU withdrawal.
many species had disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century as a result of european settlement .
in 1987, wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame .
dextromethorphan is found in its pure form as a white powder .
Admission to Tsinghua University is extremely competitive .
today nrc is an independent , private foundation .
it is located on the coast of the baltic sea , enclosing the city of stralsund .
he was also named 1982 "sportsman of the year" by sports illustrated.
fives is a sport believed to originate from the same origins as many racquet sports .
on king bhumibol's birthday throughout thailand , decorations will be in yellow color .
both the names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland .
Notwithstanding, Tagore emulated numerous styles, including craftwork from Northern Ireland, carvings from the West Coast of Canada, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
on october 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate john f. kennedy proposed the idea of the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she performed for president reagan in 1988 's great performances at the white house series .
perry saturn defeated eddie guerrero with chyna to win the wwf european championship 8:10 saturn pinned guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
she remained in the united states until 1927 when she and her husband returned to france .
despina was discovered in late july of 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he also wrote two collections of short stories - the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
at the Voyager 2 images ophelia appears as an elongated object with a major axis pointing towards uranus .
the british decided to kill him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia don't follow official western australian time .
in architectural decoration, small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays, which have been used to decorate walls, furniture, and boxes.
the other cities on the palos verdes peninsula include rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates , and rolling hills.
clank asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark in order to stop drek .
it is not actually a true louse .
he advocates for applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also tries to popularize interaction design as a mainstream discipline .
it is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you , and the administrator who blocked you , are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they've never met in person .
working group 1 : assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain is part of the hebrides , separated from the mainland and the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch, and the sea of the hebrides.
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on july 12, 2008.
formal minor planet designations are combinations of numbers and names overseen by the minor planet center .
on september 30 , wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began .
each entry has a data point which is a copy of the data point in some supporting store .
as a result , Mosques will not enforce violations unless it is a family emergency .
mariel of redwall is a novel by brian jacques published in 1991 .
ryan prosser was born on 10 july 1988 , and is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
like previous assessment reports , it consists of four reports - three from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot is a noted biochemist .
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the rest of victoria's reign , and vast quantities were printed .
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts promotion billed as the world 's first MMA league .
giardia lamblia is a parasite that causes giardiasis .
aside from this, cameron has also often worked in christian-themed productions, such as the post-rapture films left behind: the movie, left behind ii: tribulation force, and left behind: world at war, in which he plays cameron "buck" williams.
this was the area east of the mouth of the vistula river , later sometimes called " prussia proper ."
after graduating from college, he returned to yerevan and taught at the local conservatory . Later, he was appointed artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew and the gospel of luke, specifically.
Weelkes was later to find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and disorderly behavior.
so far the ' celebrity ' episodes have included vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o'grady and lee ryan .
it was discovered by stephen p. synnott in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5, 1979 while orbiting around jupiter.
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser .
on june 16 , 2009 , the official release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website .
he is also in another jungiery boyband, 183 club.
The apostolic tradition , attributed to the theologian hippolytus, indicates that early Christians sang hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain at Christian agape feasts.
in return for his help , rollo swore fealty to charles and converted to christianity , promising to help defend the northern region of france against the incursions of other viking groups .
it is a product of voice of america  voa  special english
disney was given a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , presented to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft .
Hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of graubünden, Switzerland.
it is still known as the bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .
this causes consumer confusion because 220,1,048,576 bytes is referenced as 1 megabyte instead of 1 mib .
the incident has been the subject of numerous reports on the ethics of scholarship .
they are castrated so that the animal may be more docile or may put on weight more quickly .
seventh sons have special "knacks" ; they have powerful magical abilities and are both extraordinarily rare and powerful.
benchmarking of the 2009 version by passmark software found that it had a 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory utilization .
volterra is a town in Tuscany, Italy.
historically , itch and pain have not been considered to be completely independent of each other until recently where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain but exhibits notable differences.
the tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous . This lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites, which adhere to it.
the same tram derailed on may 30 2006 at starr gate loop during trials .
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers , outside the ground .
take the square root of the variance .
volunteers provided food , blankets , water , children 's toys , massages , and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France.
if there are no regulations governing the use of land , buildings are built along a bypass , turning it into an ordinary town road , and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the streets it was intended to avoid .
it is also a great place to start exploration for people wanting to visit cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises often cause pain but are not usually dangerous .
none of the authors , contributors , sponsors , administrators , vandals , or anyone else connected with wikipedia can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these pages .
george frideric handel was also the kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover who eventually became george i of great britain .
their eyes are small and their visual acuity is poor .
they are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin .
oregano is a key ingredient in greek cuisine .
tickets for national rail services , the docklands light railway, and on oyster card can be retailed.
these works he produced and published himself , while his woodcuts were mostly commissioned work .
the historical method is comprised of techniques and guidelines by which historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and then write history.
the sheer weight of the icecap on top of lake vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .
as of 2000, the population was 89,148.
Aliteracy is the state of being able to read but not being interested in doing so .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as a pharmaceutical .
it will eat its food and then sink back to the river bed in order to digest and wait for its next meal .
furthermore , research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know , trust , and care about .
today , landis ' father is a staunch supporter of his son and regards himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans .
shortly after attaining hurricane status , the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged .
the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage .
convinced that the grounds were haunted , they decided to publish their findings in a book an adventure 1911 , under the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he settled in london and began devoting himself chiefly to practical teaching .
brunstad has a fast food restaurant, a cafeteria-style restaurant, coffee bar, and its own grocery store.
he left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly acquired region .
in 1438 trevi became part of the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia , and thenceforth its history merged with that of the states of the church and then with the united kingdom of italy in 1860.
the depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation devoid of convection , and dissipated the next day over brazil .
the new york city housing authority police department was a law enforcement agency in new york City that existed from 1952 to 1995 .
the current lineup of the band consists of flynn on vocals, guitar, duce bass, phil demmel on guitar, and dave mcclain on drums.
advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation .
the characters are the same foul-mouthed extensions of their earlier characters pete and dud.
Johan was also the bassist for the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but quit before the band ever released a studio album .
in 1998 , culver ran for secretary of state in iowa and won .
in 1990 , mark messier took the hart over ray bourque by a margin of two votes . The difference being a single first-place vote .
shade sets the main plot in motion when he defies a law , and inadvertently initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home , forcing their premature migration and his separation from them .
the female equivalent is a daughter .
he was diagnosed with inoperable cancer in april 1999 .
before the arrival of the storm , the national park service closed visitor centers and campsites along the Outer Banks.
the form of chess played is speed chess in which each competitor has twelve minutes for the whole game .
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
significant damage was reported along the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .
because the owner is usually unaware , these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies .
the wave traveled across the atlantic and formed a tropical depression off the northern coast of haiti on september 13th .
for example , the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated every year .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke , and gospel of john , probably written between ad 65 and 100 see also the gospel according to the hebrews .
since the end of the 19th century, eschelbronn has been well known for its furniture manufacturing industry .
the upper half of the flag also resembles the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
unlike the clouds on Earth which are made of crystals of ice , Neptune's cirrus clouds are made of crystals of frozen methane .
their participation is only allowed until they reach legal adulthood .
development releases are rare but there are often stable snapshots which can be used .
finally in 1482, the order dispatched him to Florence, "the city of his destiny" .
in the Soviet years , the bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov 's principal landmarks- st alexander nevsky cathedral in 1908 and st george cathedral in Nakhichevan in 1783-1807 .
he died on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , spain and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .
this was shown in the miller-urey experiment by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953 .
cogeneration is the use of a heat engine or a power station to generate both electricity and useful heat .
sometimes a male " den master " will also let a second male into the den ; the reason for this is unknown .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript or css snippet that can be enabled by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
here are some useful links to help you get involved .
he served as the prime minister of egypt between 1945 and 1946 and 1948 again .
she was left behind - explanations for this vary when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland .
james i appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal in 1615 until his death .
chauvin was embarrassed to receive the award and initially said he may not accept it .
later, Esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture surrounding it as an end in itself, even if Esperanto is never adopted by the United Nations or other international organizations.
Dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection early on Sept. 12.
calvin baker is an american author .
eva anna paula braun , born eva anna paula hitler  6 february 1912 – 30 april 1945 was the longtime companion and, for a brief time, wife of adolf hitler .
each version of the license has a version number .
most irc servers do not require users to register an account but a user will have to set a nickname before being connected .
in the same year he also received a mechanics certificate , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
Summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment WWE, which will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
usually shown with a bald head and long whiskers, he is an incarnation of the southern polestar .
a few animals have a chromatic response , changing color in changing environments , either seasonally as the ermine , snowshoe hare or more rapidly with chromatophores in their integument the cephalopod family .
val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the wwf intercontinental championship at 14:10 venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit him with a tv camera .
this philosophy closely resembles the unix philosophy of having multiple programs that each do one thing well and work together over universal interfaces .
he is from a musical family ; his mother , larue , was an administrative assistant and singer , and his father , keith brion , was a band director at yale .
the largest populations of mennonites are in canada , the democratic republic of congo and the united states , but mennonites can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the populace of those countries .
naas is a major town in 'dublin suburb' naas with many people living there and working in 'dublin'
acanthopholis' armour consisted of oval plates that were set almost horizontally into the skin, with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area, along the spine.
origin irmo was founded on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
in the opposite way , bills proposed by the law commission , and consolidation bills , start in the house of lords .
in the years leading up to his final release in 1474 , when he began preparations for the reconquest of Wallachia , Vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital .
you can add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip, illinois.
bone marrow is the soft tissue found in the hollow interior of bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red , this is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets .
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse department in southern france , in the area of Provence-Alpes-Côte d 'Azur .
macgruber starts asking for simple objects in order to make something to defuse the bomb , but he is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life that makes him run out of time .
this was substantially complete when messiaen died ; yvonne loriod undertook the final movement 's orchestration with advice from george benjamin .
Shi'ites view Karbala as one of their holiest cities after Mecca , Medina , Jerusalem and Najaf .
the organization called for the resignation of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat , whom it accused of being proxies for thaksin .
however , travelling through very remote areas requires advance planning and a suitable vehicle - usually a four wheel drive .
while at kahn, he was chief architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he excuses himself and dr. schön leaves for rehearsal .
britpop emerged from the british independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by british pop music from the 1960s and 1970s .
this was merged into battalions being formed for the xi international brigade .
the sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines and shorter trains are run .
it has a capacity of 98,772 people , making it the eleventh largest stadium in the world and the largest in europe .
in December , 1967 , ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of israel .
some articles are longer and more detailed than others .
there are 95 species accepted as of now .
eugowra is said to be named after the aboriginal australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill" .
terms such as " underwear " and " movie " are often heard in English .
jurisdiction is based on public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law , and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society
he followed this with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha , and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is aracaju with a population of pop .
despite this, farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade .
gumbasia was created in a style taught by vorkapich called kinesthetic film principles .
the lawyer brandon waise lee became his idol and mk sun grew up to be a lawyer .
ISBN 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located in the central west of New South Wales, Australia in Cabonne Shire.
donaldson enlisted in the australian army on june 18, 2002.
Prospectors from California , Europe , and China were also digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes .
before the advent of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used tool for calculation in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and overall thickness is reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches 9.1 millimeters .
yoghurt is a dairy product that is made by bacterial fermentation of milk .
seventy-five defensemen are in the hall of fame , more than any other position , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries , but all were rejected by mainstream christian bodies .
the album was banned from many record stores nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle .
in late 2004 , suleman made headlines by cutting howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations ; citing stern 's frequent discussions regarding his upcoming move to sirius satellite radio .
the company opened twice as many stores in canada as mcdonald's did when they confirmed their IPO in december 2005 , the Ottawa Business Journal reports.
plot captain caleb holt kirk cameron is a firefighter in albany, georgia and strictly follows the cardinal rule of all firemen- "never leave your partner behind."
he won the presidential election on 2 march 2008 with 71.25% of the popular vote .
the plant is an example of a living fossil .
in 1990 , she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia .
stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913 .
protests in various parts of the nation were put down .
operettas by the french composer francis l. offenbach were extremely popular in both france and the english-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles from the Tang Dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of Chang ' an , modern-day Xi' an , and also west of the ancient city of Zhongshan .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux was born on february 13, 1921 and died on november 11, 1968.
by most accounts , the instrument was nearly impossible to play .
santa maria maggiore is the oldest extant church in assisi .
radar observations indicate a fairly pure iron-nickel composition .
railway gazette international is a monthly business journal covering the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries worldwide .
he was appointed companion of honour in 1988 .
loèche is a harbour that harbours the installations of onyx , the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small folder with matches and a cover that has a coarse striking surface.
she was one of the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking and drug use around children and pregnant women .
definitely , she vowed to never renounce the commune , and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
There is a three volume original English-language manga series following graystripe between the time that he was taken by twolegs in dawn and he returned to thunderclan in the sight in the Oel Manga Series Graystripe's Trilogy.
samovar & porter 1994 , p. 84 many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with americans on a daily basis .
he was also famous for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden furniture .
during childhood she had collapsed lungs twice , she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year , and had a tonsillar cyst .
dr. david lindenmeyer at australian national university has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically Sustainable , for conserving Leadbeater's Possum .
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in montreal, canada.
small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors .
the gribble was originally called the wood-boring species , especially the first species described from Norway by rathke in 1799 , limnoria lignorum .
when someone is hurt with a club , the wounds are generally called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
thereafter, the county's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no one has yet performed a quadruple axel in competition .
from the telephone exchange , the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour .
even if someone enters the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying , there are still rules that apply .
it is pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by the amount of useful work accomplished by a computer system, compared to the time and resources used .
some of the largest reservoirs in the world are located along the volga .
the crosier represents the monasteries of the region .
human skin can have a variety of hues, from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , helped yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer reported that he was going to put saddam on trial, but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined .
Professional Hockey Writers' Association representatives vote for the all-star team at the end of the Regular Season .
Tajikistan , Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan to the north , Iran to the west , Pakistan to the south and the People's Republic of China to the east .
nupedia was founded on march 9, 2000, by bomis, inc., a web portal company.
the notable features of the design include a key-dependent s-boxes and a highly complex key schedule .
iain grieve was born on 19 February 1987 in jwaneng, botswana. He is a rugby union back-rower for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership.
other nearby settlements are pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was independently proposed by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location .
west berlin had its own postal administration which issued its own postage stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro botticelli , circa 1482 .
new south wales 's largest city and capital is sydney .
the polymer is most often epoxy , but other polymers are also sometimes used .
the name survives as a brand for a related digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which have survived the demise of the printed magazine .
four-and-a-half years old , he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years , living in various orphanages and roving through towns with groups of other homeless children .
stands were eventually added behind each goal during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernised .
a town can be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market , provided the right to do so still exists .
a bastion was built later on the eastern approaches .
Events in Europe on July 29 - the Battle of Stiklestad in Norway: Olav Haraldsson loses to his pagan vassals and is killed in the battle .
others have argued that tresca was eliminated by the nkvd as retribution for his criticism of the Stalin regime of the soviet union .
this led to both montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries .
use html and css markup sparingly if needed and only if there is a good reason .
schuschnigg responded publicly that reports of riots were false .
addiscombe is an suburb in the London borough of Croydon, England.
if the context permits , another meaning of constituent is that of a citizen who resides in the area governed , represented , or otherwise served by a politician ; this is usually restricted to citizens who elected the politician .
prunk is a member of the institute of european history in mainz, and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn.
he also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead , the crew shot a scene for the movie while riding on templin highway north of santa clarita .
the conference papers were published the next year in a book called microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al.
the wario land series is a platforming series that started with wario land : super mario land 3 , a spin-off of the super mario land series .
frédéric chopin 's opus 57 is a lullaby for solo piano .
these attacks could have been psychological in origin rather than physical .
a historian stated that " quinine's efficacy gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast, nigeria, and other parts of west africa "
furthermore , spectroscopic analyses have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which suggests a rocky surface composition .
she became the authoritative editor of his works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury is similar in appearance to the moon : it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains , has no natural satellites , and no substantial atmosphere .
the town is located in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
these habitats are ideally suited for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was successively ruled by the turkish and afghan governors descending from the delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608 .
the prime minister stays in office as long as he or she has the support of the lower house .
for rowling , this scene is important because it shows harry 's bravery and shows how he retrieves cedric 's corpse .
on june 1 , 1972 , he and fellow raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were apprehended after a shootout in frankfurt .
together they formed new music manchester , a group committed to contemporary music .
the intense and compact hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper florida keys , resulting in a storm surge of around 18-20 feet.
it is now the site of meher baba 's samadhi tomb-shrine as well as accommodations and facilities for pilgrims .
the collapsed dome of the main church has been restored entirely .
in 2005 , meissner became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition .
Salem is a city in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States.
forty-nine species of fish and nine species of seahorse have been recorded .
Saint Martin is an island in the northeast Caribbean Sea , approximately 300 kilometers east of Puerto Rico .
therefore , these PDFs cannot be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images .
in april 1862 , ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger for participating in an armed robbery while in the company of frank gardiner .
heavy rain fell across parts of britain on october 5 , causing localized accumulation of flood waters .
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to make a live usb , where the user's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired .
in approximate relation to the parties ' respective strength in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : free democratic party: 2 members, christian democratic people's party: 2 members, social democratic party: 2 members, and swiss people's party: 1 member.
a fee is the price one pays for services , like a doctor's fee or lawyer's fee .
Ohio State's library system includes twenty-one libraries located on its Columbus campus .
in other news , both iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway , but Scotland was able to repulse a Norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement .
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking "
In April 2000, minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software license, but by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities, and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists.
the body's color is varied from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and occasionally , dark brown spots are present, especially on the limbs .
the britannica was created primarily by scottish people , as shown by its thistle logo .
the warning issued on september 22 covered an area to the south, before being canceled soon after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune said that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the initial stages of combat .
the latter helped audiences understand what the film might have been like by providing intertitles , and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like .
that is because real estate , businesses , and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can not be used as collateral to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion .
he bolted from sydney cove several times before he was shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan ordered the police to surrender .
before the game began , the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance hadn't been up to veeck 's usual promotional standard .
in a short video promoting the charity Equality Now, Joss Whedon confirmed that "Fray is not done, Fray is coming back."
a mutant is a fictional character who appears in comic books published by marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test is a standardized test for college admissions in the united states .
civil unrest in northern italy led to the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder ; penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants .
some reports say that both paralysis and hallucinations are likely to increase .
his sentence was transportation to australia for seven years.
waugh writes that charles had been " in search of love " when he first met sebastian , finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , a metaphor that informs the work on a number of levels .
her friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was a significant factor in her life .
the term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are situated on or near the side of an animal .
the term "protein" itself was coined by berzelius after mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be Simple Sentence: composed of a single type of very large molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang stayed low for 16 months avoiding capture .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern france .
color ranges from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963, an extension was added, curving north from union station, below university avenue and queen's park to near bloor street, where it turned west to terminate at st. george and bloor streets.
before 1980 , a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed through the western side of the simpson desert .
it is located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with heart disease are often at risk for arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both .
as the largest subregion in Mesoamerica , it included a vast and varied landscape , from the mountainous regions of the Sierra Madre to the semi-arid plains of northern Yucatán .
google subsequently made the comic available on google books and their site .
anyone can register a pedigree with the college , where they are carefully audited and require official proofs before being altered .
the book , political economy , was published in 1985 but was not widely adopted in the classroom .
he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 for their first performance in the soviet union , with concerts in moscow and leningrad , and toured with the ipo again in 1994 , performing in china and india .
Napoleonic Wars : Austrian general Mack surrenders his army to the grand army of Napoleon at Ulm, reaping Napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers .
it is the economic center of northern nigeria , and it is also a center for the production and export of groundnuts.
a majority of south Indians speak one of the five dravidian languages - kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora was well-received by the band and won multiple awards and honors .
after a brief standoff , the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked kane and jericho .
most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .
in the 5th century, Slavs started to move into the area.
from 1900-1920 many new facilities were constructed on campus, including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, hill auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
winchester is a city in scott county in illinois , United States of America .
the name arzashkun seems to be the Assyrian form of an Armenian name that ends in -ka formed from a proper name arzash , which recalls the name arsene , arsissa , applied by the ancients to part of lake van .
out of 16,421 people who participated in the national casting , she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show .
it had episodes that were broadcast on the abc network from its debut on september 21st 1993 to march 1st 2005 .
the latter is a tool that can then be designed and used in less stringent environments .
gimnasia hired the first famed colombian trainer francisco maturana , but julio césar falcioni had less success .
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa, in the United States.
furthermore , she appeared in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem
on june 24, 1979, the 750th anniversary of the village, glinde received its town charter.
pauline reappeared in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 , and later mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , although she is now described as " mario 's friend " .
the vagina is remarkably elastic and stretches many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth .
his date of birth is unknown, but it is believed to be between 1935 and 1939 .
this quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular substance the inhibitor is needed to inhibit a given biological process or component by half .
although the name suggests they are located in the Bernese Oberland region of the Canton of Bern , portions of the Bernese Alps are in the adjacent Cantons of Valais , Lucerne , Obwalden , Fribourg and Vaud .
he had one daughter with ann e power .
during an interview , edward gorey mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists , lamenting the fact that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist .
the string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string does, and every mode appears as a different particle: electron, photon, gluon, etc.
gable also earned an academy award nomination when he portrayed fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .
