one side of the armed conflicts is mainly composed of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group recruited from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
jeddah is the main access to mecca , islam 's holiest city , which all muslims are expected to go to at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is believed to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of neptune .
his next work , saturday , follows an exciting day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord to the ball and quickly crawled away to the east , tugging on the cord with all his strength .
six weeks later , he passed away on 13 january 888 .
they are related to the coastal people of papua new guinea .
the colin mears award , which is worth £ 5000 , has been given to the kate greenaway medal recipient since 2000 .
the dancers have more elaborate choreography and often play the sogo  a tiny drum that makes almost no sound  .
the spacecraft is made up of two parts : the nasa cassini orbiter  named after giovanni domenico cassini  and the esa huygens probe  named after christiaan huygens .
alessandro  " sandro "  mazzola was born on 8 november 1942  and is a retired italian football player .
it was believed that the collision debris filled the smaller craters .
graham went to wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 , and he graduated with a ba in anthropology .
however , the bzö is slightly different from the freedom party , as it is in favor of a referendum about the lisbon treaty but against an eu-withdrawal .
many species were gone by the end of the nineteenth century , due to european settlement .
in 1987 wexler was given the honor of being inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame .
dextromethorphan is a white powder in its pure form.
getting into tsinghua is very difficult .
currently nrc is a private foundation that is independent .
the strelasund is located on the coast of the baltic sea and encloses the city of stralsund .
he was also named " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated for 1982 .
fives is a british sport believed to have the same roots as many racquet sports .
for example , king bhumibol's birthday will be celebrated with yellow decorations throughout thailand .
in 2007, the royal museum and the museum of scotland merged and became the national museum of scotland.
tagore was inspired by many styles, including craftwork from northern new ireland, haida carvings from british columbia, and woodcuts by max pechstein.
on october 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate john f. kennedy suggested the idea of the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she performed for president reagan in 1988 in the great performances at the white house series , which was broadcasted on pbs .
perry saturn and terri won the wwf european championship by pinning eddie guerrero with a diving elbow drop.
she and her husband stayed in the united states until 1927 then returned to france .
despina was discovered in late july , 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 spacecraft .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship happened on 4 september 1921 in brescia .
he also wrote two collections of short stories called the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
voyager 2 images show ophelia as an elongated object , with the major axis facing towards uranus .
the british decided to get rid of him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in western australia , from the south australian border to caiguna , do not follow western australian time .
pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to make mosaics and inlays for architectural decoration , to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
there are four incorporated cities on the palos verdes peninsula that include rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
fearing that drek will ruin the galaxy , clank asks ratchet to help him locate the famous superhero captain qwark , in order to stop drek .
it is not a true louse.
he promotes the use of a user-focused design process in product development cycles and also works towards making interaction design a widely known discipline .
it is possible that the other editors and the administrator who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone far away that none of them have met in person .
working group i evaluates scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain forms part of the hebrides , separated from the scottish mainland and the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
on july 12, 2008 , orton and his wife had a daughter named alanna marie orton .
minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the minor planet center of the iau .
on september 30 , wind shear started to increase and the storm began to weaken .
each entry contains a datum which is a duplicate of the data in an external storage .
both men and women must follow the guidelines when attending a mosque .
brian jacques released mariel of redwall in 1991 .
ryan prosser  born 10 july , 1988  is a rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
it consists of four reports , as like the past assessment reports , three of them from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot , who was named after pierre curie , is a biochemist .
this stamp stayed the general letter stamp for the rest of victoria 's period and many were printed .
the international fight league was an american mma promotion billed as the world 's first mma league .
giardia lamblia , also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis , is a flagellated protozoan parasite that lives in the small intestine and causes giardiasis .
cameron has often worked in christian-themed productions, including the post-rapture films "Left Behind: The Movie", "Left Behind II: Tribulation Force", and "Left Behind: World at War", in which he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
this area was east of the mouth of the vistula river , also known as " prussia proper ".
after graduating , he went back to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later became the artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the bible passages in the gospel of matthew and luke .
weelkes was later punished by the chichester cathedral authorities for his drinking and inappropriate behaviour .
so far famous people on the show have been vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
stephen p. synnott found it in voyager 1 space probe images taken on march 5 , 1979 while orbiting jupiter .
juan luis cano and guillermo fesser hosted the spanish radio show gomaespuma .
the release date of the resistance was announced on 16 june 2009 on the band 's website .
he is also part of the boyband 183 club .
the apostolic tradition , attributed to hippolytus , shows that hallel psalms were sung with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts .
in return , rollo agreed to serve charles , converted to christianity , and promised to protect the northern region of france against other viking groups .
this is from the voice of america  voa  special english .
disney was presented with a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
the first asteroid discovered by a spacecraft was it .
hinterrhein is a district in the graubünden canton of switzerland .
it continues as the bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .
this causes confusion when 220  1,048,576  bytes is referred to as 1 mb  megabyte  instead of 1 mib .
numerous reports have been written about the ethical issues of the incident .
animals are castrated to make them calmer or to make them gain weight faster .
seventh sons have special magical abilities , and seventh sons of seventh sons are very rare and powerful .
according to passmark software , the 2009 version takes 52 seconds to install , 32 seconds to scan , and uses 7 mb memory .
volterra is located in tuscany , Italy .
itch and pain were not seen as separate sensations until recently , when it was found that itch and pain have similarities but also many differences .
the tongue is sticky due to the glycoprotein-rich mucous , which both lubricates movement in and out of the snout and catches ants and termites , which stick to it .
the same tram had derailed on 30 may 2006 at starr gate loop during tests .
outside the ground are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers .
calculate the square root of the variance .
volunteers gave out food , blankets , water , toys for kids , massages , and a rock band performance for those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a town in the sarthe department in northwestern france .
if there are no restrictions on land use , buildings are constructed along a bypass , turning it into a regular town road , and the bypass may become as congested as the streets it was originally meant to avoid .
it is a great place to begin an exploration of cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises can hurt but are usually harmless.
no one connected with wikipedia is responsible for how you use the information found in or linked from these web pages .
george frideric handel worked as kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover  who later became george i of great britain  .
their eyes are small and their vision is bad .
chitin is the only material that is tougher than keratin .
oregano is essential in greek cooking .
tickets can be purchased for national rail services , the docklands light railway and with oyster card .
he made and released his smaller woodcuts by himself , while his bigger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work .
historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and write history through the historical method .
the weight of the continental icecap on lake vostok is believed to cause the high oxygen concentration.
in 2000 , the population was 89,148 .
aliteracy  sometimes spelled alliteracy  is the condition of being able to read but not wanting to .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as a drug .
afterwards , it will go back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
research has also shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that they know , trust , and / or care about .
now , landis ' father is a passionate supporter of his son and considers himself a big fan of floyd .
shortly after becoming a category 4 hurricane , the outer convection became ragged .
the price of a certain type of labor is the equilibrium wage.
believing the grounds were haunted , they chose to publish their findings in a book an adventure  1911  , under the aliases elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he moved to london and focused on teaching .
brunstad has several fast food restaurants , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and a grocery store .
he left 11,000 troops to guard the newly conquered region .
in 1438 trevi became part of the legation of perugia and was ruled by the church until it united with the kingdom of italy in 1860.
the depression moved on the 20th without any convection , and ended the next day in brazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was a police agency in new york city from 1952 to 1995 .
the band's current members are flynn  vocals , guitar  , duce  bass  , phil demmel  guitar  , and dave mcclain  drums  .
countries with a small muslim population are more likely to use mosques for civic engagement than muslim-majority countries in the middle east .
the characters are rude versions of their earlier characters pete and dud .
johan was the original bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall but left before the band released their first album .
in 1998 , culver won the election for iowa secretary of state .
in 1990 , mark messier got the hart over ray bourque by two votes , the difference being one first-place vote.
shade's defiance of the law sets the main plot of the novel in motion , leading to the destruction of his colony's home , forcing their premature migration , and his separation from them .
a female child is called a daughter.
he was diagnosed with cancer in his abdomen in april 1999 .
before the storm arrived , the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks .
the form of chess played is speed chess in which each player has twelve minutes for the entire game .
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its branches.
the two former presidents were later charged with mutiny and treason for their involvement in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
damage was moderate to severe along the atlantic coastline and reached as far inland as west virginia .
these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies since the owner is usually unaware .
the wave traveled across the atlantic and formed into a tropical depression near the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .
the associated press stylebook is updated every year .
the four accepted gospels are matthew , mark , luke and john , thought to have been written between ad 65 and 100  see also the gospel according to the hebrews  .
since the 19th century , eschelbronn is famous for its furniture industry .
the top half also looks like the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
unlike earth's clouds , however , neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane .
they are not able to fully participate until they reach legal adulthood .
stable releases of the software are not often made , but there are usually subversion snapshots which are dependable for use .
in 1482 the order sent him to florence , the ‘ city of his destiny ’ .
during the soviet era , two of rostov's main landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral  1908  and st george cathedral in nakhichevan  1783-1807  - were destroyed .
he died on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , spain and was buried in san benito d ' alcantara church .
stanley l. miller and harold c. urey demonstrated this in the 1953 miller-urey experiment.
cogeneration is the use of a power station to generate both electricity and useful heat at the same time .
the male " den master " might let in a second male into the den ; the reason is unknown .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript or css code snippet that can be enabled by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
here are some helpful links to help you take part .
he was the prime minister of egypt between 1945 and 1948 .
she was left behind when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland , though the reason for this is uncertain .
james i named him a gentleman of the chapel royal and he served as an organist from at least 1615 until his death .
chauvin was ashamed to get his award and first suggested that he may not accept it .
later , esperanto speakers began to view the language and culture around it as important by itself , even if it is never adopted by the united nations or other international organizations .
dry air surrounded the southern part of the cyclone on september 12 , weakening the deep convection .
calvin baker is a novelist from america.
eva anna paula braun  6 february 1912 – 30 april 1945  was the longtime companion and , for a brief time , wife of adolf hitler .
each edition of the license has its own version number.
most irc servers do not need users to register an account but a user needs to set a nickname before connecting .
in the same year, he also became the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york.
summerslam  2009  is an upcoming wrestling pay-per-view event produced by wwe , to be held on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles , california .
usually seen as bald , with long whiskers , he is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
some animals have chromatic response , changing color according to the environment , either seasonally  ermine , snowshoe hare  or quickly with chromatophores  the cephalopod family  .
val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to keep the wwf intercontinental championship , pinning him after tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera .
this follows the unix philosophy of having multiple programs that each do one thing well and can cooperate through universal interfaces .
his parents, larue and keith brion, were both singers and his father was a band director at yale.
the biggest groups of mennonites are in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states , but mennonites can also be found in small communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the people of those countries .
naas is a major " dublin suburb " town , with many people living in naas and commuting to dublin for work .
acanthopholis had a layer of oval-shaped plates on its body and spikes on its neck and shoulder area , along the spine .
irmo was chartered in 1890 due to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
in contrast , bills proposed by the law commission , and consolidation bills , start in the house of lords .
before his final release in 1474 , vlad stayed in a house in the hungarian capital with his new wife while he prepared for the reconquest of wallachia .
you can add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text to the end of the modified version's list of cover texts .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bones contain flexible tissue called bone marrow .
reflection nebulae appear blue due to the scattering of blue light being more efficient than red light , which is the same process that causes blue skies and red sunsets .
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse département of southern france , in the provence-alpes-côte d ' azur region.
macgruber begins gathering items to defuse the bomb , but is then distracted by his personal life and leaves with no time to spare .
yvonne loriod completed the orchestration of the final movement 's with advice from george benjamin after messiaen's death .
shi ' a muslims consider karbala to be one of their most sacred cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
the pad asked for the resignation of the thaksin-appointed governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat .
traveling in remote areas requires advance planning and a reliable four wheel drive vehicle .
while at kahn he was the lead architect of the fisher building in 1928 .
he excuses himself and leaves for rehearsal with dr. schön .
britpop was a musical genre in the early 1990s , characterized by bands influenced by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
these were joined to battalions of the xi international brigade .
the sheppard line has fewer passengers than the other two subway lines , so shorter trains are operated .
it has a capacity of 98,772 , making it the biggest stadium in europe and the eleventh largest globally .
in december , 1967 , corrie ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by israel .
some articles are long and full of content while others are shorter and of lower quality .
about 95 species are accepted .
eugowra got its name from an indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill ".
words such as " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are common in english .
jurisdiction comes from public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and how much power the government has to give resources to help its native society .
he composed several pieces about hiawatha , including the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is aracaju .
however, farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly 10 years .
gumbasia was made in a style vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles .
brandon waise lee was mk sun's idol, and he grew up to become a lawyer.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 canowindra is a historic place near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .
donaldson joined the australian army on 18 june 2002 .
prospectors from california , europe and china were also searching along the peel river and up the mountain sides .
the slide rule was a popular calculation tool for scientists and engineers before the invention of the pocket calculator .
the kindle 2 has 16-level grayscale display , better battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text out loud , and it is thinner from 0.8 to 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  .
yoghurt is made by fermenting milk with bacteria.
defencemen are the most represented position in the hall of fame with seventy-five inductees , while goaltenders have only been inducted thirty-five times .
other opinions about the subject have been given throughout the centuries  see below  , but all were denied by mainstream christian groups .
the album was not allowed to be sold in many record stores nationwide.
the legs are wider at the top and narrower at the ankle.
in late 2004 , suleman removed howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations , due to his talks about his move to sirius satellite radio .
the company opened more than double the amount of canadian outlets than mcdonald 's and as of 2002 , had system-wide sales that were higher than mcdonald's canadian operations .
captain caleb holt is a firefighter in albany , georgia who follows the cardinal rule : " never leave your partner behind " .
he was elected president with 71.25 % of the vote on 2 march 2008 .
This plant is a living fossil.
in 1990 , she was the only female entertainer who could perform in saudi arabia .
stravinsky first thought of writing the ballet in 1913.
protests were stopped across the nation .
offenbach's operettas such as orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène were very popular in france and the english-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
roof tiles with this symbol from the tang dynasty were found west of the ancient city of chang ' an  modern-day xian  .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux  february 13 , 1921 november 11 , 1968  , was a french musician , composer , and pedagogue .
the instrument was hard to control .
santa maria maggiore  st. mary the greater  is the oldest existing church in assisi .
radar observations show that it has a mostly iron-nickel composition .
railway gazette international is a monthly business magazine that focuses on the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries globally .
he was honored with the companion of honour  ch  in 1988 .
loèche contains the systems of onyx , the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small cardboard folder containing matches with a coarse striking surface on its exterior .
she was one of the first physicians to oppose cigarette smoking near children , and drug use in expectant mothers .
defiantly , she vowed not to give up the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
oel manga series graystripe 's trilogy is composed of three volumes in english and follows graystripe from when he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
samovar & porter  1994  , p . 84 syrians did not live in urban areas ; many of the immigrants who were peddlers were able to meet americans daily .
he was also known for his prints , book covers , posters , and metalwork furniture for gardens .
she had collapsed lungs twice as a child , 4-5 cases of pneumonia a year , a ruptured appendix , and a tonsillar cyst .
dr. david lindenmeyer  australian national university  claims that the need for nest boxes shows that logging practices are not environmentally friendly , for protecting hollow-dependent species such as leadbeater 's possum .
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team located in montreal , quebec , canada .
inductors with low values can be created on integrated circuits using the same processes used for making transistors .
the term gribble was assigned to the wood-boring species , especially the first species described from norway by rathke in 1799 , limnoria lignorum .
wounds from a club are called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
afterwards the county 's administration was done at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has ever done a quadruple axel in a competition .the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour from the telephone exchange .
however , there are still rules to follow even if a person enters a mosque without praying intentions .
it is a small , pointy-faced animal , similar in size to a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by the amount of useful work it can do compared to the resources used .
many large reservoirs are located along the volga .
the crosier stands for the monasteries of the region .
human skin colors can be very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank in chicago assisted yunus with the official beginning of the bank through a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer reported plans for saddam's trial , but mentioned that the details were not decided yet .
the professional hockey writers' association decides the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan are adjacent to afghanistan in the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south and the people 's republic of china to the east .
nupedia was created on march 9 , 2000 , by bomis , inc , a web portal company .
the design includes key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule .
iain grieve  born 19 february , 1987 in jwaneng , botswana  is a rugby player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
other settlements close to beauvais are pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
murray gell-mann and george zweig proposed the quark model in 1964 .
in 1938 39 , the fourth golden garland ring was added to the column when it was relocated to its current spot .
west berlin had its own postal service which had its own stamps until 1990 , separate from west germany's .
sandro botticelli painted the primavera in c . 1482 .
sydney is the largest city and capital of new south wales .
epoxy is the most common polymer used , but other polymers such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon can be used .
the name remains as a brand for a related digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which have outlasted the printed magazine .
he was left to take care of himself at four-and-a-half years old in northern italy and for the next four years lived in different orphanages and traveled through towns with other homeless children .
stands were added behind each set of goals in the 1980s and 1990s as the ground was modernized.
a town may still be considered as a market town even if it does not hold a market , as long as the right to do so still exists .
a bastion was built later on the eastern approaches.
in july 29 , olav haraldsson lost to his pagan vassals in the battle of stiklestad in norway and was killed .
others believe that tresca was eliminated by the nkvd as punishment for criticizing the stalin regime of the soviet union .
montenegro and serbia became independent countries.
use html and css markup carefully and only when necessary .
schuschnigg denied that there were any riots .
addiscombe is a neighborhood in london , england .
another related meaning of constituent is a citizen living in the area governed, represented, or served by a politician ; usually this is limited to citizens who voted for the politician .
prunk is a member of institute of european history in mainz and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn .
stallone had a cameo in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead , the crew created a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the " hovercraft " and filmed the scene while driving up templin highway north of santa clarita .
the conference papers were published in a bookmicroeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al the following year.
the wario land series is a platforming game series that started with wario land : super mario land 3 , a spin-off of the super mario land series .
frédéric chopin 's opus 57 is a lullaby for solo piano .
these attacks may have been mental rather than physical .
a historian has said that " quinine 's effectiveness allowed colonists to move into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa ".
in addition , spectroscopic studies have revealed the presence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which suggest that the surface is made of stony materials .
she was the authoritative editor of her husband 's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury looks like the moon , with its many craters , flat areas , no moons , and lack of atmosphere .
the town of baden lies in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
these are excellent habitats for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was ruled by the turkish and afghan governors of the delhi sultanate until the mughals came in 1608 .
the prime minister stays in office only if they have the lower house's support .
for rowling , this scene is important because it shows harry 's bravery and selflessness by retrieving cedric 's corpse .
on june 1 , 1972 , he and two other raf members were arrested after a long shootout in frankfurt .
they created new music manchester , a group devoted to modern music .
the powerful and fierce hurricane caused extreme destruction in the upper florida keys , with a storm surge of around 18 to 20 feet in the area .
it is now the site of meher baba 's samadhi tomb-shrine as well as facilities for pilgrims.
the main church dome has been fully restored.
in 2005 , meissner became the second american woman to do the triple axel jump in a competition .
salem is located in essex county , massachusetts , united states .
there are forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse .
saint martin is a tropical island in the northeast caribbean , about 300 km  186 miles  away from puerto rico .
saint martin is a tropical island in the northeast caribbean , about 300 km  186 miles  from puerto rico .
these pdfs cannot be shared without further changes if they have images .
in april 1862 , ben was arrested by police inspector sir frederick pottinger for joining an armed robbery while with frank gardiner .
it rained heavily in some parts of britain on october 5 , causing flooding in certain areas .
version 2009.1 offers a usb installer to make a live usb , where the user 's configuration and personal data can be stored optionally .
the seats were given out in relation to the parties ' strengths in the federal assembly , with the free democratic party  fdp  : 2 members , christian democratic people 's party  cvp  : 2 members , social democratic party  sp  : 2 members , and swiss people 's party  svp  : 1 member .
a fee is a payment for services, usually for a professional like a doctor or lawyer.
ohio state has twenty-one libraries on its columbus campus .
iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of norway , but scotland was able to stop a norse invasion and get a good peace agreement .
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in april 2000 , minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software license , but it had already been surpassed by other operating systems , and was mainly used by students and hobbyists .
the body color is usually medium brown , gold-ish , or beige-white and sometimes it has dark brown spots , mostly on the limbs .
the britannica was mainly a scottish business , as shown by its thistle logo , the flower symbol of scotland .
the warning issued on september 22 was extended southward as jose intensified , and was canceled after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune reported that u.s. marine pilots and commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the beginning of combat .
the latter gave audiences data that would later be given by intertitles , and can help historians to envision what the film could have been like .
this is because assets in the underground economies of the third world are not accepted as collateral for loans to fund industrial and commercial growth .
he ran away from sydney cove several times before he was shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan demanded the police camp to surrender.
before the second game began , the press said that the " midget-in-a-cake " stunt did not meet veeck's usual promotional standards .
in a video promoting the charity equality now joss whedon confirmed that " fray will return .
a mutant is a character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test  formerly known as scholastic aptitude test and scholastic assessment test  is an exam for college admissions in the us .
civil unrest in northern italy creates the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sang by wandering groups of flagellants .
some reports say that certain factors increase the chances of both paralysis and hallucinations .
he was sentenced to seven years in Australia.
waugh writes that charles was " in search of love " when he first met sebastian and found an " enchanted garden " , a metaphor that appears throughout the work .
her relationship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was a significant part of her life .
the word dorsal refers to parts of an animal that are located on or extend from its back side.
berzelius coined the term " protein " after mulder noticed that all proteins had the same empirical formula and could be made of one type of  large  molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang hid for 16 months to avoid being caught .
barneville-la-bertran is a town in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region of france .
the color of the fruit is between orange and pale yellow.
in 1963 an extension was added , going north from union station , below university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street , and then turned west to end at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , the commonwealth railways central australian line went through the western side of the simpson desert .
it is situated on an old portage trail which went west through the mountains to unalakleet.
people with cardiomyopathy can have arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death .
mesoamerica 's biggest sub-region , it included a wide and diverse landscape , from the mountains of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google then shared the comic on google books and their site , and mentioned it on its official blog with an explanation for the early release .
anyone may register a pedigree with the college , where they must be thoroughly checked and require official proofs before being changed .
the book , political economy , was released in 1985 but was not widely used in classrooms .
he toured with the ipo in 1990 and 1994, performing in moscow, leningrad, china and india.
napoleonic wars : austrian general mack surrenders his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm , resulting in 30,000 prisoners for napoleon and 10,000 casualties for the austrians .
northern nigeria's economic centre is kano, which produces and exports groundnuts .
most south indians communicate in one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora achieved multiple awards and honors for the band .
after a brief pause , the wwf cavalry charged kane and jericho .
richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman wrote most of the songs .
in the 5th century, slavs began to move into the area.
between 1900 and 1920 many new facilities were built on campus , such as facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs , a chemistry building , a building for the natural sciences , hill auditorium , large hospital and library complexes , and two residence halls .
winchester is located in scott county , illinois , united states .
arzashkun appears to be the assyrian version of an armenian name ending in -ka formed from the name arzash , which is similar to the name arsene , arsissa , used by the ancients to describe part of lake van .
out of the 16,421 participants in the national casting , she was selected as one of the 15 finalists for the tv show .
its episodes aired on abc from september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
the device can be designed and used in less strict places .
gimnasia employed two renowned colombian trainers francisco maturana and julio césar falcioni , but neither achieved much success .
brighton is located in washington county , Iowa , United States.
she also acted in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24 1979  glinde celebrated its 750th anniversary by receiving its town charter .
pauline reappeared in the 1994 remake of donkey kong and in mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , but is now described as " mario 's friend " .
the vagina can stretch many times its normal size during childbirth .
his exact date of birth is not known , but it is thought to be between 1935 and 1939 .
the inhibitory concentration (IC) indicates how much of a drug or other substance is required to inhibit a biological process or component by half.
although the name implies that they are in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern , parts of the bernese alps are in the nearby cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
there he had a daughter , who was later baptized as mary ann fisher power , with ann  e  power .
edward gorey expressed his admiration for bawden in an interview , regretting the fact that not many people knew of the artist's work .
the string can vibrate in various ways like a guitar string produces different notes , and each mode appears as a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable was also nominated for an academy award for his role as fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .
