the other side of the armed conflicts is composed mainly of the iranian military and the janjaweed , a iranian militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern iran region in iran .
jeddah is the primary gateway to Mecca , Islam's holiest city , which able-bodied muslims are required to visit at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is thought to represent a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune .
his next work is Saturday , following an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the Tarantula , the Trickster Character , spun a black cord and attached it to the ball , crawled away quickly to the east , pulling on the cord with all his strength .
he died six weeks later on 13 january 888 .
they are culturally akin to the coastal people of papua new Guinea .
since 2000 , the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been presented with the colin mears award of £ 5000 .
following the drummers are dancers who often play the somo a small drum that makes almost no sound and tend to have more simplified — even acrobatic — choreography .
the spacecraft consists of two main parts : the nasa cassini orbiter named after the italian-french astronomer Giovanni domenico cassini and the esa huygens probe named after the dutch astronomer , mathematician and physicist christiaan huygens .
alessandro " sandro " mazzola was born on 8 november 1942 .
it was originally thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943 , when he graduated with a ba in anthropology .
however , the bzö differs from the freedom party in that it is in favor of a referendum about the lisbon treaty but against an eu-withdrawal .
many species of animals had vanished by the end of the nineteenth century , with european settlement .
wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame in 1987 .
dextromethorphan is a white powder .
admission to tsinghua is extremely competitive .
nrc is now an independent private foundation .
it is situated at the coast of the baltic sea , encompassing the city of stralsund .
he was named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated .
five is a british sport believed to derive from the same origins as many racquet sports .
for example , king bhumibol was born on monday throughout thailand will be decorated with yellow color .
both names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland .
however , tagore emulated numerous styles , including work from northern ireland , work from the west coast of canada , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
the concept of the peace corps was proposed by presidential candidate john f. kennedy on the steps of michigan union on october 14, 1960 .
she performed for president reagan in 1988 's great performances at the white house series .
perry saturn with terri defeated eddie guerrero with chyna to win the wwf european championship at 8:10 . saturn pinned guerrero after a diving elbow drop .
she remained in the united states until 1927 when she and her husband returned to france .
despina was discovered in late July, 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he completed two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
at the voyager 2 images of ophelia appears as an elongated object , the major axis pointing towards uranus .
the british decided to eliminate him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia do not follow official western australian time .
small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays , which have been used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
the other incorporated cities on the palos verdes Peninsula include rancho palos verdes, rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
ratchet asks clank to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark in an effort to stop drek .
it is not actually a real louse .
he advocates applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also works towards popularizing interaction design as a mainstream discipline .
it is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you and the administrator who blocked you may be part of a conspiracy against someone who has never met them in person .
working group i is a group of scientists that assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain forms part of the hebrides , separated from the scotish mainland and from the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the ; the little ; and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on july 12 , 2008 .
formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the minor planet center .
by early on september 30 , wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began .
each entry has a date a nugget of data which is a copy of the date in some backing store .
although many mosques will not enforce violations , both men and women when attending a mosque must adhere to these guidelines .
mariel of redwall is a book by brian jacques published in 1991 .
ryan prosser was born on 10 July 1988 .
the assessment report consists of four reports - three from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris ; and their grandson pierre joliot , who was named after pierre curie and was also known as Pierre Joliot , is a noted biochemist
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the rest of victoria 's reign and vast quantities were printed .
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts  mma  promotion billed as the world 's first league .
giardia lamblia is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonises and reproduces in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
apart from this , cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions , among them the post-rapture films left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he plays cameron " buck " williams .
this was the area east of the mouth of the vistula river , later sometimes called " prussia " .
after graduating from college he returned to yerevan and taught at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew - and the gospel of luke - specifically - .
weelkes was later found to be in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behaviour .
so far the 'celebrity ' episodes have included vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
stephen p. synnott discovered it in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5 , 1979 while orbiting around jupiter .
gomaespuma was a spanish radio show hosted by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser .
on 16 june 2009 , the official release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website .
he is a member of the jungiery boyband 183 club .
the apostolic tradition, attributed to the theologian Hippolytus, attests the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape services .
in return, Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and undertook to defend the northern region of France against the incursions of other Viking groups .
it is derived from the voice of america  voa special english
disney received a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , presented to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of graubünden , Switzerland .
it continues as the bohème switzerland in the Czech Republic .
this leads to consumer confusion when 220,048,576 bytes is referenced as 1 megabyte instead of 1 megabit .
the incident has been the subject of many reports as to ethics in scholarship .
so that the animal may be less aggressive or may put on more weight quickly .
seventh sons have powerful "knacks" - specific magical abilities - and are both extremely rare and powerful .
benchmarking conducted by passmark software highlights the 2009 version 's 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory utilization .
volterra is a town in the Tuscan region of Italy .
it has been found that itch and pain have several features in common with each other , but exhibit notable differences .
because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous , the tongue is sticky .
the same tram had derailed on 30 may 2006 at the Starr Gate Loop during previous trials .
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson both former Ipswich town and England managers , outside the ground .
take the square root of the variance .
volunteers provided food, blankets, water, toys, massages, and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france .
if there are no strong land use controls , the buildings will be built on the bypass , converting it into an ordinary road and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid .
it is also a starting point for people wanting to explore cooktown cape york Peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises often produce pain but are not ordinarily dangerous .
none of the people who wrote, contributed, sponsors, administrators, vandals, or anyone else connected with wikipedia in any way whatsoever can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages .
george frideric handel also served as kapellmeister for George, elector of Hanover who eventually became George I of Great Britain.
their eyes are small and their visual acuity is poor .
they are considered rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin .
oregano is an essential ingredient in greek cuisine
tickets can be resold for national rail services and the docklands light railway .
these works he produced and published himself , whilst his much larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned by other artists .
the historical method comprises the techniques and guidelines that historians use to use primary sources and other evidence to research and then to write history .
the sheer weight of the continental icecap sits on top of the lake vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .
as of 2000 , the population of the united states was 89,148 .
sometimes spelled alliteracy is the state of being able to read but not interested in doing so .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound that is used as a pharmaceutical .
it will then push itself and sink back to the river bed in order to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
furthermore , research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that he or she knows , cares about , and / or knows about .
landis ' father has become a hearty supporter of his son and regards himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans .
shortly after becoming category 4 status , the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged .
the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage .
convinced that the grounds were haunted , they decided to publish their findings in a book under the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he settled in london , devoted himself chiefly to teaching .
brunstad has several fast food restaurants and a cafeteria-style restaurant .
he left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region .
in 1438, trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia. thenceforth, its history merges first with that of the states of the church, then 1860 with the united kingdom of Italy.
the depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation without convection , and dissipated the next day over Brazil where it caused heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was a law enforcement agency that existed from 1952 to 1995 .
the current lineup of the band comprises flynn ( vocals ), guitar ,duce ( bass ), phil demmel ( guitar ), and dave mcclain ( drums ).
advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries of the greater middle east to use mosques as a way to promote religious participation .
the characters are foul-mouthed extensions of their earlier characters pete and dud .
johan was the original bassist of the swedish heavy metal band hammerfall , but quit before the band ever released a studio album
in 1998 , culver won for iowa secretary of state .
in 1990, mark messier took the hart over ray bourque by a margin of two votes - the difference being a single first-place vote .
the main plot of the novel is in motion when he stubbornly defied that law and unknowingly initiated a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home , forcing their premature migration , and his separation from them .
the female equivalent is a daughter .
he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in april 1999 .
the park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks before the storm .
the form of chess played is speed chess in which each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game .
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two former presidents were later separately charged with treason and mutiny for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
moderate to severe damage was extended up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .
because the owner is not always aware of the computers , these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies .
the wave traveled across the atlantic , and organized into a tropical depression off the north coast of haiti on september 13 .
the stylebook of the associated press is updated annually .
these four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke and gospel of john , probably written between 65 and 100 .
since the end of the 19th century, eschelbronn is well-known for its furniture manufacturing industry .
the lower half of the coat of arms of the former districtoberbarnim is also similar to it .
unlike the clouds on earth , however , which are composed of crystals of ice , Neptune 's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane .
their participation is limited until they reach legal adulthood .
development stable releases are rare but there are often snapshots that are stable enough to use .
finally in 1482 the order sent him to Florence , the city of his destiny .
in the soviet years , the bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov 's most important landmarks - St Alexander Nevsky Cathedral in 1908 and St George Cathedral in Nakhichevan in 1783-1807 .
he died on may 29, 1518 in madrid, Spain and was buried in the church of San Benito d'Alcantara .
this was demonstrated by the miller-urey experiment by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953 .
cogeneration also combines heat and power , it is the use of a heat engine or power station to simultaneously generate both electricity and useful heat .
on occasion the male " den master " will also allow a second male into the den ; the reason for this is unknown .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript and / or css snippet that can be enabled by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
here are some useful links to help you involved .
he served as the prime minister of egypt from 1945 to 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948 .
she was left behind when the rest of the Nicoles were moved to the mainland .
James I appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal in1615 until his death .
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially indicated that he may not accept it .
later , Esperanto speakers began to see the language and culture that had grown up around it as ends in themselves , even if Esperanto never is adopted by the united nations or other international organizations .
the deep convection around the southern periphery of the cyclone was eroded by early on september 12 .
calvin baker is an american writer .
eva anna paula braun , died Eva Braun 6 february 1912 – 30 april 1945 was the longtime companion and wife of Adolf Hitler
each license is given a distinguishing version number .
most irc servers do not require users to register an account but users will have to set a nickname before being connected .
that same year he also received a mechanics certificate becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by world wrestling entertainment wwe.
usually portrayed as being bald and with long whiskers , he is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
a few animals in the cephalopod family have chromatic response , changing color in different environments , either seasonally or more rapidly with chromatophores in their integument .
val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the wwf intercontinental championship at 14:10 .
this closely resembles the unix philosophy of having multiple programs that each do one thing well and work together over universal interfaces .
he comes from a musical family ; his mother , larue , was an administrative assistant and singer ; and his father , keith brion , was a band director at yale .
the largest populations of mennonites are in canada , the democratic republic of congo and the united states , but mennonites can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the populace of those countries .
naas is a major " dublin suburb " town , with many people living in naas and working in dublin .
the armour consisted of oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin , with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area , along the spine .
irmo was chartered on christmas eve in 1890 to open the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
bills proposing by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the house of lords .
in the years leading up to his final release in 1474 , when he began preparations for the reconquest of wallachia , vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital .
you may add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text , and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version .
he is interred in the restvale cemetery in alsip , il .
bone marrow is the flexible tissue found in the interior of bones .
reflection nebula are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red  this is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets .
monteux is a commune in the department of Vaucluse in southern France .
macgruber starts asking for simple objects to make something to disarm the bomb , but he is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life  that makes him run out of time .
this was complete when messiaen died and yvonne Loriod undertook the final orchestration with advice from George Benjamin .
shi ' a muslims consider karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca , Medina , Jerusalem and Najaf .
the pad called for the resignation of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat , whom the pad accused of being proxies for thaksin .
however , travel through very remote areas , on isolated tracks , requires advance planning and a suitable , reliable vehicle usually a four wheel drive .
while at kahn he was chief architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal and he and dr. schön leave
britpop emerged from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s
this was absorbed into battalions being made for xi international brigade .
the sheppard line currently has fewer users than the other two subway lines , and shorter trains are run .
the stadium has a capacity of 98,772 and is the eleventh largest in the world .
in december , 1967 , ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of israel .
some articles are quite lengthy and rich in content while others are shorter .
about 95 species of animals have been accepted into the zoo .
eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill ".
terms such as " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " movie " are often-heard terms in english .
jurisdiction derives its substance from public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society .
he followed this up with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is ARACajU .
despite this , farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade .
gumbasia was created by the vorkapich teach called kinesthetic film principles .
brandon waise lee became his idol and mk sun grew up to become a lawyer .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a historic township located near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .
donaldson enlisted in the australian army on 18 june 2002 .
prospectors from california , europe and china were also digging along the Peel river and up the mountain slopes .
before the advent of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 features a 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches  .
yoghurt or yogurt is a dairy product made by bacterial fermentation of milk .
seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame , more than any other current position , while only thirty goaltenders have been inducted .
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries ; but all were rejected by mainstream christian bodies .
the album was banned from many stores nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top , and narrow at the ankle .
suleman made headlines in late 2004 by cutting howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations .
the company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's " Wendy's confirms Tim Hortons IPO by March " , Ottawa Business Journal , December 1, 2005 .
plot captain caleb holt  kirk cameron  is a firefighter in Albany , Georgia and firmly keeps the cardinal rule of all firefighters - " never leave your partner behind " .
he won the presidential election held on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the votes .
the plant is considered a fossil .
she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia in 1990 .
Stravinsky conceived of writing the ballet in 1913 .
protests across the nation were suppressed .
offenbach 's numerous operettas were extremely popular in both france and the english-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles dating back to the Tang dynasty have been found west of the ancient city of chang ' an .
janine marie-madeleine demessieux february 13 , 1921 november 11 , 1968 was a french organist , pianist , composer , and pedagogue .
by most accounts, the instrument was nearly impossible to use .
the earliest extant church in assisi is the Santa Maria Maggiore St. Mary the Greater .
the radar observations indicate that the alloy appears to be a fairly pure iron-nickel composition .
railway gazette international is a monthly business journal published in english covering the railway , metros , light rail and tram industries worldwide .
he was appointed Companion of Honour in 1988 .
loèche harbours the installation of onyx , the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small cardboard folder  matchcover  with a quantity of matches and having a finer striking surface on the exterior .
she was among the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women .
she vowed never to renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
the manga series graystripe 's trilogy there is a three volume original english-language manga series following graystripe , between the time that he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
samovar & porter 1994 , p. 84 many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with americans on a daily basis .
he was also famous for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden metalwork furniture .
she suffered from collapsed lungs , pneumonia 4-5 times a year , a ruptured appendix , and had a tonsillar cyst .
dr. david lindenmeyer at the australian national university has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable , for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum .
the montreal canadians are a professional ice hockey team based in montreal , quebec , canada .
integrated circuits can also be built using the same processes that are used to make transistors .
the term was originally assigned to the wood-boring species , especially the first species described from norway by Rathke in 1799 , limnoria lignorum .
bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries are injuries that are caused by a club .
thereafter, the county's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the town of 1596 .
no skater has yet accomplished a quadruple axel in competition .
the telephone exchange in the port jackson district of honduras was the only place where the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour .
however , even to those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying , there are still rules that apply .
it is described as pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by the amount of work accomplished by a computer system compared to the amount of time and resources used .
some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be found along the volga .
the cross symbolises the monasteries of the region .
human skin colors can range from very dark brown to very pale pink .
the bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , helped yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer reported plans to put saddam on trial , but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined .
representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association voted to select the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
the tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan borders afghanistan to the north ; iran to the west ; pakistan to the south ; and the people's republic of china to the east .
nupedia was founded on march 9 , 2000 , by bomis, inc ( a web portal company ), under the ownership of the narco-military organization, narco-terror.
the design includes key-dependent s-boxes and a highly complex key schedule .
iain grieve was born on 19 February 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana .
other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was independently proposed by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location .
west berlin had its own postal administration , separate from west germany 's , which issued its own stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro Botticelli , c. 1482
new south wales 's largest city and capital is sydney .
the polymer is most often epoxy , but other polymers , such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon , are also sometimes used .
the name survives as a brand for a related spin-off digital television channel ; digital radio station ; and website which have survived the demise of the printed magazine .
at four-and-a-half years old he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern italy for the next four years , living in various orphanages and roaming through towns with groups of other homeless children .
stands were eventually added in between each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernized .
a town may be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market , provided the right to do so still exists .
the bastion was built later .
the events of europe on july 29 - the battle of stiklestad in Norway - see olav haraldsson loss to his pagan vassals and death in the battle .
others have theorized that tresca was eliminated by the nkvd as retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union .
this resulted in both montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries .
use html and css markup sparingly and only when you have good reason .
schuschnigg immediately responded that reports of riots were false .
addiscombe is a suburb in the london borough of croydon , england .
depending on the context , another close-related meaning of constituent is that of a citizen who resides in the area governed ; represented ; or otherwise serves by a politician ; sometimes this is restricted to citizens who elected the politician .
prunk is a european history member of the institute of european history in mainz .
Stallone also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead of building a set with a cantilevered arm and shooting a scene on a hovercraft , the crew built a set with a cantilevered arm and shot the scene on a highway in north of Santa Clarita .
the conference papers were published in a bookmicroeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al .
the wario land series is a platforming series that started with wario land : super mario land 3 .
the opus 57 is a berceuse for solo piano .
these attacks may have been psychological in origin rather than physical .
a historian has stated that " quinine 's efficacy that gave colonists a fresh opportunity to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa " .
further , spectral studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which suggests a stony surface composition .
she became the authoritative editor of her husband 's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury is similar in appearance to the moon : it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains with no natural satellites and no substantial atmosphere .
the town is in the Limmat valley between the two Swiss cities of Baden and Zurich .
these animals provide excellent habitat for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was successively ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors descending from the Delhi Sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608 .
the prime minister remains in office only as long as they retain the support of the lower house .
this scene is important because it shows harry 's bravery and by retrieving cedric 's corpse , he demonstrates his selflessness and compassion .
jan-carl raspe and holger meins were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in frankfurt .
they formed new music Manchester , a group that is committed to contemporary music .
the storm caused extreme damage in the upper florida Keys as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region .
it is now the site of the maharaja 's samadhi - shrine as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims .
the collapsed dome of the main church was restored completely .
in 2005, meissner became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition .
salem is a city in Essex county , Massachusetts , United States .
the forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been found .
saint martin is an island in the northeast of the caribbean , approximately 300 km east of puerto rico .
these pdfs can not be distributed without further modification if they contain images .
ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger for participating in an armed robbery whilst in the company of frank gardiner .
heavy rain fell across portions of britain on october 5 , causing localized accumulation of flood water .
the 2009.1 version provides a usb installer so that the user can create a live usb where their personal data can be saved if desired .
in approximate relation to the parties ' respective strength in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : the free democratic party  fdp  : 2 members , the christian democratic people 's party  cvp  : 2 members , the social Democratic party  sp  : 2 members , and the swiss people 's party  svp  : 1 member .
a fee is the price one pays as remuneration for services , especially the honorarium paid to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other member of a learned profession .
the ohio state 's library system encompasses twenty-one libraries on its columbus campus .
in other developments , both iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of norway , but scotland was able to repulse an norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement .
the singles from the album include " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in april 2000 , minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence but by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities , and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists .
the color is variably brown or gold-ish or beige-white ; and sometimes it has dark brown spots .
the britannica was primarily a scottish enterprise , as symbolized by its thistle logo and the floral emblem of scotland .
the area covered by the warning issued on september 22 was extended southwards as jose intensified , before being canceled soon after landfall .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune alleged that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the initial stages of combat .
the latter provides audiences with the sort of information later provided by intertitles , and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like .
because real estate , businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can not be used as collateral to raise money to finance industrial and commercial expansion .
he bolted from sydney cove several times before being shot dead in 1796 .
they advanced to the police camp and ordered them to surrender .
the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance had not been up to veeck's usual promotional standard .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now joss whedon confirmed that " fray is not over , fray is coming back .
a mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel .
the sat reasoning test formerly known as the scholastic aptitude test and the scholastic assessment test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States .
civil unrest in the north of italy spawned the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder .
some reports read that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations .
his sentence was transported to australia for seven years .
waugh writes that charles had been " in search of love in those days " when he first met Sebastian , finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , a metaphor that informs the work on a number of levels .
her notorious friendship with the russian mystic grigori Rasputin was also an important factor in her life .
the term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are either situated toward or grow off the side of an animal .
the term " protein " was coined by berzelius after mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of large molecule .
the gang laid low for 16 months and avoided capture until the jerilderie raid happened
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern france .
the color range from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 an extension was added to the station , curving north from union station , below university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street , where it turned west to terminate at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed through the western side of the Simpson desert .
it is located on an old trail that led west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of having an arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both .
as the largest sub-region in mesoamerica , it encompassed a vast and varied landscape , from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google later made the comic available on their website and their blog along with an explanation for the early release .
anyone who wants to register a pedigree with the college can do so where they are carefully internally audited and require official proofs before they can be changed .
the book was published in 1985 but had limited classroom adoption .
he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 for their first-ever performance in the soviet Union .
the austrian general Mack surrendered his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm , taking him over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers .
it has been the economic centre of north nigeria for many years and a centre for the production and export of groundnuts .
most south Indians speak one of the five dravidian languages - kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora won multiple awards and honors .
the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked kane and jericho after a brief stand-off .
most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .
in the 5th century, the slavs started to move into the area .
from 1900 to 1920 many new buildings were constructed on campus , including buildings for the dental and pharmacy programs , a building for the natural sciences , a large hospital and library complexes , and two residence halls .
winchester is a city in scott county , illinois .
name arzashkun seems to be the Armenian form of an armenian name ending in -ka formed from a proper name arzash , which recalls the name arsene , arsissa , applied by the ancients to part of lake van .
out of 16,421 people who took part in the national casting for the show , she was chosen to appear on it .
its episodes were aired on the abc network from its debut on september 21, 1993 to march 1, 2005 .
the latter device can then be designed and used in less strict environments .
gimnasia hired the first famed Colombian Trainer, Francisco Maturana, and then Julio César Falcioni, but both had limited success.
brighton is a city in south central washington county , iowa , united states .
she appeared in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24 1979 the 750th anniversary of the village , glinde received its town charter .
pauline made a return in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 and later in mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the mini s in 2006 although the character is now described as " mario 's friend ."
the vagina is remarkably elastic and stretches to many times its normal size during vaginal birth .
it is believed that his real date of birth was never actually recorded .
this quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance  inhibitor  is needed to inhibit a given biological process or component of a process , i.e. an enzyme , cell , cell receptor or microorganism  by half .
although the name suggests they are located in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern , portions of the bernese alps are in the adjacent cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
he had one daughter - later baptized asmary ann fisher power - to ann power .
during an interview , edward gorey mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists . Lamenting the fact that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist .
the string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can produce different notes , and every mode appears as a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable also won an academy award nomination when he played Fletcher christian in 1935's mutiny on the bounty .
