one side of armed conflicts in the sudanese conflict is composed mainly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed militia group , which is a sudanese military group mostly recruited from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
jeddah is the main gateway to mecca and islam 's holiest city , which is required of able-bodied muslims to visit at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is thought to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune .
his next work is called Saturday and it follows an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon
the tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord and, attaching it to the ball, crawled away fast to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength.
he died six weeks later on january 888 .
they are similar to the coastal people of papua new Guinea .
since 2000 the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been given the colin mears award which is worth £ 5000 .
following the drummer are dancers who often play the sogo a tiny drum that makes almost no sound and tend to have more elaborate and even acrobatic choreography .
the spacecraft has two main parts : the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe .
Alessandro "Sandro" Mazzola was born on November 8, 1942.
it was thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham attended wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 and then graduated with a bachelor's degree in anthropology in 1943 .
however , the bzö differs a bit from the freedom party in that it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty and opposed to an EU withdrawal .
many species had vanished by the end of the nineteenth century as european settlement began .
in 1987, wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame
dextromethorphan is a white powder
Admission to tsinghua is very competitive .
today nrc is an independent , private foundation .
it is located at the coast of the baltic sea and encloses the city of stralsund
he was also given the 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated magazine
five is a sport which is believed to have originated from the same roots as many racquet sports .
for example , on king bhumibol's birthday throughout Thailand will be decorated with yellow color
both names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of scotland .
nevertheless , Tagore emulated various styles including craftwork from various parts of northern ireland , carvings from the west coast of canada , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate john f. kennedy proposed the idea of what became the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she performed for president reagan in 1988 at the white house series which aired on the public broadcasting service .
perry saturn defeated eddie guerrero with terri  to win the wwf european championship 8:10 saturn pinned guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
she stayed in the united states until 1927 and then returned with her husband to france .
despina was discovered in late july by the image taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on september 4 at brescia .
he also completed a two collections of short stories called the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
at the voyager 2 images, ophelia appears as an elongated object, the major axis pointing towards uranus.
the british decided to kill him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia do not follow official western australian time .
iridescent pieces of colored and shell have been used to make mosaics and inlays on walls furniture and boxes in architectural decoration
the other cities on the palos verdes peninsula are rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
clank feared that drek would destroy the galaxy and asked ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark in an effort to stop him .
it is not actually a true bug .
he advocates for the use of a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also tries to get interaction design recognized as a mainstream discipline .
it is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you and the administrator who blocked you are in on a conspiracy against someone half a world away they ' ve never met in person .
working group i assesses the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain is part of the hebrides , which are separated from the mainland of Scotland by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on July 12th, 2008.
formal minor planet designations are combinations of numbers and letters overseen by the minor planet center .
on september 30 , wind shear started to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began .
each entry has a datum which is a copy of the data in some backing store .
as a result , most mosques don't enforce violations but both men and women must follow these guidelines when attending a mosque .
mariel of redwall is a novel by brian jacques published in 1991 .
ryan prosser was born on 10 july 1988 and is playing for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
like previous assessment reports , this consists of four reports - three of them from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris and their grandson pierre joliot is a noted biochemist
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp during the remainder of victoria 's reign and a large quantity were printed .
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts promotion billed as the world 's first mma league
giardia lamblia is a parasite that is found in the intestines and reproduces in the small intestine .
aside from this , cameron has also often worked in christian-themed productions such as the post-rapture films left behind and left behind ii : tribulation force where he played cameron " buck " williams
this was the area east of the mouth of the vistula river .
after he graduated from college he came back to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew and the gospel of luke.
wellesley was later to find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and bad behavior .
so far the ' celebrity ' episodes have included vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
it was discovered by stephen p. synnott in photos from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5, 1979 while orbiting around jupiter.
gomaespuma was a spanish radio show hosted by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser
on june 16 2009 , the release date for the resistance was announced on the band 's website .
he is also a member of another boyband 183 club
the apostolic tradition is the claim that the theologian hippolytus sang hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts .
in return , rollo swore allegiance to charles and converted to christianity in order to help defend the northern region of france from other Viking groups .
it is a word that is derived from the voice of america special english .
disney received a full-size oscar statue and seven miniature ones , given to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of graubünden .
it continues as the bohemian republic in the czech republic .
this leads to confusion among consumers when the number 220,100,000 is referenced as 1 megabyte instead of 1,048,576 bytes .
the incident has been the source of many reports on the ethics of scholarship .
they are castrated so that the animal may be more obedient or may put on weight more quickly .
seventh sons have special "knacks" ; these magical abilities are incredibly rare and powerful .
passmark software did a benchmarking on the 2009 version and found that it took 52 seconds to install and 32 seconds to scan and used 7 megabytes of memory .
volterra is a town in the tuscany region of Italy .
historically , itch and pain were not considered to be independent sensations until recently , where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain but exhibits notable differences .
the tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous and it can catch ants and termites because they adhere to it .
the same tram derailed on may 30 at starr gate loop during a previous trial .
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich managers and england , outside the ground .
take the square root of the variance
volunteers gave food , blankets , water , children 's toys , massages , and a live rock band performance to those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the pay-de-la-loire region in northwestern france .
if there are no restrictions on how buildings are built , the bypass will become a regular street and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the streets it was intended to avoid .
it is also a good starting point for people who want to explore cooktown and cape york peninsula and the atherton tableland .
bruises often cause pain but are not ordinarily dangerous .
none of the authors , contributors , sponsors , administrators , or anyone else associated with wikipedia can be held responsible for what you do with the information found here on the website .
george frideric handel also served as music director for george , elector of hanover who eventually became george i of great britain .
their eyes are quite small and their vision is poor
they are rivaled as materials in toughness only by chitin .
oregano is an ingredient in greek cuisine
tickets can be sold for national rail services , the docklands light railway and on the oyster card .
these are works that he produced and published himself , while the majority of his large woodcuts were commissioned works .
the historical method is a set of techniques and guidelines historians use to research and write history .
the weight of thecontinental icecap sitting on top of lake vostok is believed to cause the high oxygen concentration
as of 2000 the population was 89,148 people.
aliteracy is the state of being able to read but not being interested in it .
mifepristone is synthetic steroid used as a pharmaceutical .
it will then eat its food and sink back to the river bed so it can digest it .
furthermore , research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that they know , trust or care about .
today , landis ' father has become a big supporter of his son and regards himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans .
shortly after attaining category 4 status , the outer layer of the hurricane became ragged .
the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage at which the quantity of labor supplied equals the quantity of labor demanded .
convinced that the grounds were haunted , they decided to publish their findings in a book and an adventure 1911  , under the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont
he moved to london and became primarily a teacher of practicality .
brunstad has a fast food restaurant, a cafeteria-style restaurant, a coffee bar, and its own grocery store.
he left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region .
in 1438 trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia and thenceforth its history merged first with that of the states of the church , then it was absorbed by 1860 with the united kingdom of italy .
the depression moved inland on the 20th as an air without convection and disappeared the next day over brazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was a agency in new york city that existed from 1952 to 1995 .
the current lineup of the band is flynn vocals , guitar , duce bass , phil demmel guitar , and dave mcclain drums .
advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation.
The characters are similar to their earlier characters Pete and Dud .
johan was also the original bassist in the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but quit before the band ever released a studio album .
in 1998 , culver ran for secretary of state in iowa and won .
in 1990 , mark messier won the hart over ray bourque by two votes- the difference being one first-place vote .
shade sets the plot of the novel in motion when he impulsively disobeys that law and inadvertently initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home . This forces their premature migration and his separation from them .
a daughter is a female equivalent .
he was diagnosed with inoperable cancer in april 1999 .
before the arrival of the storm , the national park service closed visitor centers and campsites along the outer banks .
speed chess is the form of chess that is played where each competitor has twelve minutes for the whole game .
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries
the two former presidents were charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
severe damage extended up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .
because the owner is usually unaware , these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies .
the wave traveled across the atlantic and formed into a tropical depression off the north coast of haiti on september 13th.
for example , the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated every year .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew, gospel of mark, gospel of luke, and gospel of john. They are likely written between AD 65-100 and are also called the gospel according to the hebrews.
since the end of the 19th century eschelbronn is well known for its furniture-making industry .
the upper half also resembles the coat of arms of the former district of oberbarnim .
unlike the clouds on earth , which are made of crystals of ice , neptune's cirrus clouds are made of crystals of frozen methane .
their participation is only allowed until they reach an age where they are considered adults .
development stable releases are rare , but snapshots that are stable enough to be used are often developed .
finally in 1482 the order sent him to florence, the city of his destiny.
during the soviet years , the bolsheviks destroyed two of rostov 's most important landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral in 1908 and st george cathedral in nakhichevan in 1783-1807 .
he died on may 29 in madrid , spain and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .
this was shown in the miller-urey experiment done by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953 .
cogeneration is the use of a heat engine or a power station to generate both electricity and useful heat .
on occasion, a second male will be allowed into the den; the reason for this is unknown.
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript or css snippet that you can enable in your wikipedia preferences .
below are some helpful links to get involved .
he served as the prime minister of egypt twice .
she was left behind explanations for this vary when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland .
james i appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal in 1615 until his death .
chauvin was embarrassed when he received his award and initially said that he may not accept it .
later , esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as things in themselves , even if esperanto is never adopted by the united nations or other international organizations .
the dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on september 12 .
calvin baker is an american author .
eva anna paula braun , who died eva anna paula hitler on february 6 , 1912 – april 30 , 1945 was the longtime companion and, for a brief time, wife of adolf hitler .
each version of the license has a different version number .
most irc servers do not ask for registration but a user must set a nickname before connecting .
that same year he also got a mechanics certificate , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event that will take place on august 23, 2009 at staples center in los angeles, california.
he is usually portrayed as having a bald head and long whiskers .
some animals have chromatic response , changing color in changing environments , either seasonally like the ermine or snowshoe hare or more rapidly with chromatophores in their integument like the cephalopod family .
val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to keep the wwf intercontinental championship at 14:10 venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera .
this resembles the unix philosophy in which multiple programs do one task well and work together over universal interfaces .
he is from a musical family ; his mother , larue , was an administrative assistant and singer and his father , keith brion , was a band director at yale .
the largest populations of mennonites are in canada and the united states , but they can be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents .
naas is a town located in the " dublin suburb " of naas .
acanthopholis armor was made up of oval plates that were set almost horizontally into the skin with spikes coming out of the neck and shoulder area , along the spine
irmo was chartered on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia newberry and laurens railroad
Conversely, bills proposed by the law commission, and consolidation bills, start in the house of lords.
in the years before his final release in 1474 , vlad began preparations for the reconquest of wallachia when he moved into a house with his new wife in the hungarian capital .
you may add a text of up to five words as a front-cover text and a text of up to 25 words as a back-cover text to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is the soft tissue found in the hollow interior of bones
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red does this the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets .
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse department in southern france in the area known as provence-alpes-côte d ' azur
macgruber starts to asking for simple objects to make something to disarm the bomb , but he is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life that makes him run out of time .
this was substantially complete when messiaen died and yvonne loriod undertook the final movement 's orchestration with advice from george benjamin .
Shi'ites consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca , Medina , Jerusalem and Najaf .
the pad called for the resignation of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat .
travel through very remote areas often requires advance planning and a vehicle with four wheel drive capabilities
while he was at kahn he was the chief architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he excuses himself because he has to leave rehearsal and he and dr. schön leave .
britpop emerged from the british independent music scene in the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
this was absorbed into battalions that were being formed for xi international brigade
the sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines and shorter trains are run .
it has a capacity of 98,772 people, making it the largest stadium in europe and the eleventh largest in the world .
in december 1967 , ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of israel .
some articles are long and full of content while others are shorter and may be less fulfilling .
about 95 different species are currently accepted .
eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand falls down the hill "
terms such as " underwear " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are often heard in english .
jurisdiction is based on public international law , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches to allocate resources to best serve the needs of their society .
he followed this up with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , the overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is aracaju .
despite this, farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade .
gumbasia was made in the style that vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles
the lawyer brandon waise lee became his idol and mk sun grew up to be a lawyer
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near cowra in the central west of new south wales in cabonne shire .
donaldson enlisted in the australian army on june 18th of 2002.
prospectors from california europe and china were digging in the peel river and on the mountain slopes .
before the advent of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering
the kindle 2 features a 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  .
yogurt is a dairy product that is made by bacterial fermentation of milk
seventy-five defensemen have been inducted into the hall of fame more than any other current position while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries , but all were rejected by mainstream christian bodies .
the album was banned from many stores nationwide.
the legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle
in late 2004 suleman made headlines by cutting howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations because stern often talked about his upcoming move to sirius satellite radio .
the company opened twice as many outlets in canada as mcdonald 's did in 2005, and system-wide sales surpassed those of mcdonald's Canadian operations in 2002.
plot captain Caleb Holt Kirk Cameron is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia, and he always keeps the cardinal rule of all firefighters, "never leave your partner behind".
he won the presidential election on 2 march 2008 with a majority of the vote .
the plant is an old-fashioned living fossil
in 1990 she was the only entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia .
stravinsky first thought of composing the ballet in 1913 .
protests in other parts of the nation were not allowed .
operettas by francis offenbach were extremely popular in both france and the english-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
tiles from the tang dynasty have been found west of the ancient city of chang an modern-day xian .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux was born on february 13th , 1921 and died on november 11th , 1968
by most accounts , the instrument was difficult to control .
santa maria maggiore is the earliest extant church in assisi .
the characteristics of radar observations indicate that the composition of the object is fairly pure iron and nickel .
railway gazette international is a monthly business journal that covers the railway , metro , light rail , and tram industries worldwide .
he was appointed a companion of honour in 1988
loèche harbours the facilities of onyx , the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small, cardboard folder with a cover that encloses a quantity of matches and has a rough surface on the outside .
she was one of the first doctors to object to smoking and drug use around children and pregnant women .
defiantly she vowed that she would never renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
oel manga series graystripe 's trilogy follows graystripe between the time that he was taken by twolegs in dawn and until he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
samovar & porter 1994 , p . 84 - syrians didn't live or work in cities ; many of the immigrants who had worked as hawkers were able to interact with americans on a daily basis .
he was also very famous for his prints , covers of books , posters , and furniture made from garden metal
during her childhood she suffered from collapsed lungs twice and pneumonia 4-5 times a year .
david lindenmeyer australian national university has said that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable to conserve hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum .
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in montreal, canada.
small value inductors can also be made on integrated circuits the same way transistors are made .
gribble was originally called the wood-boring species and especially the first species described from norway by rathke in 1799 .
wounds inflicted with a club are usually known as blunt-force trauma injuries .
thereafter the county 's administration was conducted at duns until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has yet done a quadruple axel in competition .
from the telephone exchange the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations in the harbour .
even if someone who enters a mosque without intending to pray follows the rules , there are still specific things that must be done .
it is described as a pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by how much work the computer system can do in comparison to how much time and resources it used
some of the largest reservoirs in the world are located on the volga .
the crosier is a symbol of the monasteries in the region .
human skin colors can range from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank were involved in helping yunus with the incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer reported that he would put saddam on trial, but said that the details of such a trial had not yet been decided .
the representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association vote for the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
Tajikistan , Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan to the north , Iran to the west , Pakistan to the south and China to the east .
nupedia was founded on march 9th 2000 by bomis inc.
notable features of the design include a key-dependent s-boxes and a highly complex key schedule .
iain grieve was born on 19th of February in 1987 in jwaneng, botswana and he is now a rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was proposed independently by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring is decorated with gold garlands and it was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location .
west berlin had its own postal service which issued stamps that were different from stamps that were issued in west germany
the primavera is a painting of the italian renaissance painter sandro botticelli , in the year 1482
new south wales' largest city and capital is sydney .
The polymer is most often epoxy , but other polymers , such as polyester or vinyl ester , can also be used .
the name of the magazine has survived as a brand for related spin-off digital television channel , digital radio station , and website .
he was left to fend for himself on the streets of italy at four-and-a-half years old and spent the next four years living in various orphanages and roaming through towns with groups of other homeless kids .
goal posts were eventually added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernised .
even though a town may not have a market anymore, it can still be correctly called a market town if the right to hold one still exists
a bastion was built later on the eastern approaches.
event europe july 29 — battle of stiklestad norway : olav haraldsson loses to his pagan vassals and is killed in the battle .
other people have theorized that tresca was eliminated by the nkvd because he criticized the Stalin regime of the soviet union .
this led to both montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries .
use html and css markup only when necessary and only for good reasons .
schuschnigg immediately responded saying that the reports of riots were false .
addiscombe is an suburb of croydon in the London borough of croydon .
depending on the context , another closely-related meaning of constituent is that of somebody who resides in the area governed , represented or otherwise served by a politician ; sometimes this is restricted to people who elected the politician .
prunk is a member of the institute of european history in mainz and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn .
also in 2003 , stallone had a cameo appearance in a french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead of shooting the scene with the boat on the water , the crew fashioned a trailer and used a cantilevered arm to attach it to the "hovercraft" and shot the scene while they were driving north of santa clarita
the conference papers were published the next year in a book by phelps et al .
the wario land series is a series of platform games that started with wario land : super mario land 3 .
frédéric chopin 's opus 57 is a lullaby for solo piano
these attacks may have been psychological in origin rather than physical
a historian has stated that " quinine 's effectiveness gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa "
furthermore , optical studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which suggests rather a rocky surface composition .
she became the authoritative editor of her husband's works at breitkopf und härtel .
mercury is similar to the moon : it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains , has no natural satellites and no substantial atmosphere .
the town is located in the limmat valley between zürich and baden .
These habitats are good for chinkara hog deer and blue bull .
dhaka was successively ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors descending from the Delhi sultanate before the arrival of the Mughals in 1608 .
The prime minister stays in power only as long as they have the support of the lower house.
for rowling this scene is important because it shows harry 's bravery and by retrieving cedric 's corpse he demonstrates his compassion
on june 1 , 1972 , he and fellow raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in frankfurt .
together they formed new music manchester , which is committed to contemporary music .
the intense and compact hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper florida keys .
it is now the site of samadhi of meher baba as well as for pilgrims facilities and accommodation .
the collapsed dome of the main church has been restored to its entirety .
in 2005 meissner became the second american woman to jump the triple axel in national competition .
salem is an city in Essex County in Massachusetts in the United States of America.
there are 49 species of pipefish and nine seahorse species .
saint martin is an island in the northeast Caribbean , approximately 300 km east of puerto rico
therefore , these pdfs cannot be distributed without further modification if they contain pictures .
in april 1862 , ben was arrested on the orders of the police inspector sir frederick pottinger for participating in an armed robbery alongside frank gardiner .
heavy rain fell on parts of britain on october 5th which caused localized accumulation of flood waters .
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb where the user's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired .
in approximate relation to the parties ' respective strength in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : the free democratic party  fdp  : 2 members , christian democratic people 's party  cvp  : 2 members , social democratic party  sp  : 2 members , and swiss people 's party  svp  : 1 member .
a fee is the price one pays for services as remuneration , like the honorarium a doctor, lawyer, consultant, or other member of a learned profession gets.
ohio state has 21 libraries located on its columbus campus .
in other developments , both iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of norway but scotland was able to repulse a norwegian invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement .
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking "
in april 2000 , minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence but by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists .
the body color usually varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and sometimes it has dark brown spots especially on the limbs .
the britannica was primarily a scottish enterprise , with its thistle logo as a symbol of that fact .
the area covered by the warning issued on september 22 was expanded southwards as jose intensified before being canceled soon after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune said that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders had confirmed the use of mark 77 bombs on iraqi republican guards during the early stages of the conflict .
the intertitles that were later provided audiences gave them the type of information that would be later provided by subtitles and it made historians imagine what the film might have been like .
that is because the underground economies in the third world can not be used to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion .
he bolted from sydney cove several times before he was shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan ordered the police to surrender .
before the second game started, the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance hadn't been up to veeck 's usual promotional standards.
in a short video promoting the charity equality now, joss whedon confirmed that "fray is not done, fray is coming back."
a mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics
the sat reasoning test is a standardized test for college admissions in the united states .
the civil unrest in northern italy spawns the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder .
some reports say that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations .
his sentence was to be transported to australia for seven years .
waugh writes that charles had been looking for love back then when he first met sebastian , and he found " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " .
her friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also an important factor in her life .
the term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are situated on the side of an animal that it grows off of .
protein was coined by berzelius after mulder noticed that all proteins had the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of very large molecule
after the jerilderie raid the gang hid for 16 months avoiding capture .
barneville-la-bertran is a town in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern france.
the color ranges from orange to yellow .
in 1963 an extension was added to union station , curving north from the station below university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street , where it turned west to terminate at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed through the western side of the simpson desert .
the portage trail was located on an old portage which led west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk for arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both .
as the largest sub-region in mesoamerica , it encompassed a large and varied landscape from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán
google subsequently made the comic available on google books and their website and mentioned it on their official blog .
anyone may register a pedigree with the college where they are carefully looked at and require official proofs before being changed .
the book political economy was published in 1985 but it wasn't very popular in the classroom .
he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 and 1994 for the ipo's first-ever performance in the soviet union and in china and india .
napoleon's wars : austrian general mack surrenders his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm , reaping napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers
it has been the economic center of northern nigeria for a long time and it is also known for the production and export of groundnuts .
a majority of south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages .
meteora earned the band multiple awards and honors .
after a brief standoff, the wwf cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho.
most of the songs were written by richard sherman and robert sherman .
in the fifth century slavs started to move into the area .
from 1900 to 1920 many new facilities were constructed on campus , including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs , a chemistry building , a building for the natural sciences , hill auditorium , large hospital and library complexes , and two residence halls .
winchester is a city located in Scott County, Illinois, United States.
arzashkun seems to be the assyrian form of an armenian name ending in -ka formed from the proper name arzash which recalls the name arsissa , applied by the ancients to part of the lake van .
out of 16,421 participants in the national casting , she was picked among the 15 candidates to make an appearance on the tv show .
its episodes were broadcast on the abc network from 1993 to 2005
the latter can be designed and used in less stringent environments
gimnasia hired the first famed colombian trainer francisco maturana , and then julio césar falcioni , but both had limited success .
brighton is an american city in washington county in the united states .
furthermore , she also appeared in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24 1979 the 750th anniversary of the village glinde , glinde received its town charter .
pauline returned in the remake of donkey kong for the game boy in 1994 and later mario vs. donkey kong 2 in 2006 , although the character is now described as " mario 's friend ".
the vagina stretches a lot during vaginal birth .
it is believed that his real date of birth is between 1935 and 1939 .
this quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance it is needed to inhibit a given biological process or component by half .
although the name suggests that they are located in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern , portions of the bernese alps are in the adjacent cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , and vaud .
there he had one daughter , later baptized as mary ann fisher power .
during an interview , edward gorey mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists and lamented the fact that not many people remembered or knew about him .
the string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can make different sounds , and every mode appears as a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable also got an academy award nomination when he portrayed fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty
