one side of the armed conflicts is composed mainly of the janjaweed militia and the sudanese military .
jeddah is the principal gate to mecca , islam 's holiest city , which able-bodied muslims are allowed to visit at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is thought to represent a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune .
his next work , saturday , follows an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon
the tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord and attached it to the ball .
he died six weeks later on 13 January 888 .
they are culturally akin to the coastal people of papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been presented with the colin mears award to the value of £ 5000 .
following the drummers are the dancers who often play the somo a small drum that makes almost no sound and tend to have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography .
the spacecraft consists of two main parts : the nasa cassini orbiter named after the italian-french astronomer Giovanni domenico cassini and the esa huygens probe named after the dutch astronomer , mathematician and physicist christiaan huygens .
alessandro " sandro " mazzola was born on November 8, 1942, in italy .
it was originally thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943 , when he graduated with a ba in anthropology
however , the bzö differs from the freedom party in a bit in comparison to their support for a referendum about the Lisbon treaty but against an eu-withdrawal .
many species of animals had gone extinct by the end of the 19th century with european settlement .
wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame in 1987
dextromethorphan occurs as a white powder .
admission to tsinghua is extremely competitive .
today NRC is organized as an independent organization .
it is located at the coast of the Baltic Sea , where it encloses the city of stralsund .
he was also named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports Illustrated .
fives is a sport believed to derive from the same origins as many racquet sports .
for example, king bhumibol was born on monday throughout thailand will be decorated with yellow color .
both became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of scotland .
however , tagore emulated many styles , including craftwork from northern new ireland , haida carvings from the west coast of canada  british columbia  , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate John F. Kennedy proposed the concept of the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she performed for president Reagan in 1988 's great performances at the white house series .
perry saturn withTerri defeated eddie guerrero withChyna to win the wwf european championship at 8:10 .
she remained in the united states until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France .
despina was discovered in late July, 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 September 1921 at brescia .
he also completed two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious tales and seven strange and ghostly tales .
at the voyager 2 images of ophelia appears as an elongated object , the major axis pointing towards uranus .
the british decided to eliminate him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia , between the south australian border almost as far as cairns , don't follow the official western australian time .
small pieces of colorful and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays , which have been used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
the other incorporated cities on the palos verdes peninsula include rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
fearing that drek will destroy the galaxy , clank asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark , in an effort to stop drek .
it is not actually a true louse .
he advocates applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also tries to popularize interaction design as a mainstream discipline .
it is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you , and the administrator who blocked you , are part of a conspiracy against someone who has never met them in person .
working group ii :Assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change
the island chain forms part of the hebrides , separated from the scotish mainland and from the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie on July 12, 2008 .
formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the minor planet center .
by early on September 30 , wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began .
each entry has a datum - a nugget of data - which is a copy of the datum in some backing store .
as a result , although many mosques will not enforce violations , both men and women when attending a mosque must adhere to these guidelines .
mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , published in 1991 .
ryan prosser was born on 10 July, 1988, in Bristol, England.
like the previous assessment reports , it consists of four reports - three of them from its working groups .
hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris ; their grandson pierre joliot was named after pierre curie ; he is a noted biochemist
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the rest of victoria 's reign and vast quantities were printed .
the international fight league was an american Mixed Martial Arts MMA promotion billed as the world 's first MMA league .
giardia lamblia is synonymous with lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonises and reproduces in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
aside from this , cameron has often worked in christian-themed productions , among them the post-rapture films left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he plays cameron " buck " williams .
this was the area east of the mouth of the vistula river .
after graduation he returned to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew .
weelkes was later in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behavior .
so far, ' celebrity ' episodes have included Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Grayson, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady, and Lee Ryan.
it was discovered by stephen p. synnott in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5 , 1979 while orbiting around jupiter .
gomaespuma was a spanish radio show , hosted by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser .
on 16 june 2009 , the official release date of the resistance was announced on the band 's website .
he is also a member of the jungiery boyband 183 club .
the apostolic tradition , attributed to the theologian hippolytus , attests that singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts .
in return for pledging fealty to charles , rollo swore fealty to christianity , converted to christianity , and undertook to defend the northern region of france against the incursions of other viking groups .
it is derived from the voice of america  voa special english
Disney received a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , presented to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden , Switzerland .
it continues to be the Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic .
this leads to consumer confusion when 220 1,048,576 bytes is referenced as 1 Mb instead of 1 Mb .
the incident has been the subject of numerous reports as to what is ethical in scholarship
they are castrated so that the animal may be more manageable or may put on more weight quickly
seventh sons have strong "knacks" - specific magical abilities - and seventh sons of seventh sons are both incredibly rare and powerful .
benchmarking was conducted by passmark software in 2009 to highlight the 2009 version's 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory utilization .
volterra is a town in the Tuscany region of Italy .
historically , the sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other until recently .
the tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous , which both helps to move and catch ants and termites , which adhere to it .
the same tram derailed at Starr Gate Loop on 30 may 2006 during previous trials .
there are statues of sir Alf Ramsey and sir Bobby Robson both former Ipswich town and England managers , outside the ground .
take the square root of the variance .
volunteers provided food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france .
if there are no strong land use controls , buildings are built along a bypass , turning it into an ordinary street , and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid .
it is also a starting point for people wanting to explore cooktown cape YORK peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises often induce pain but are not typically dangerous .
nothing anyone connected with wikipedia can be responsible for the way you use the information contained in or linked from these web pages .
george frideric handel also served as kapellmeister for George , elector of Hanover who eventually became George I of Great Britain
their eyes are very small and their visual acuity is poor.
they are considered rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin .
oregano is an ingredient in greek cuisine .
tickets can be retailed for national rail services and the Docklands Light Railway .
these works he produced and published himself whilst his larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work .
the historical method comprises the techniques and guidelines by which historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and then to write history .
the sheer weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of the vostok Lake is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .
as of 2000 the population was 89,148 .
aliteracy sometimes spelled alliteracy is the state of being able to read but not being interested in doing so .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound used as a medication .
it will then detach itself from the river bed and sink back to the river to digest its food .
moreover , research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that he or she knows , trusts , and / or cares about .
landis ' father has become a vehement supporter of his son and regards himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans .
shortly after gaining category 4 status , the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged .
the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage .
convinced that the grounds were haunted , they decided to publish their findings in a book an adventure 1911  , under the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he settled in London , devoted himself chiefly to practical teaching.
brunstad has several fast food restaurants , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and its own grocery store .
he left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region .
in 1438 trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia .
the depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation devoid of convection , and dissipated the next day over brazil .
the new york city housing authority police department was a law enforcement agency that existed from 1952 to 1995 .
the current lineup of the band comprises flynn vocals, guitar, duce bass, phil demmel guitar, and dave mcclain drums.
advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries of the greater middle east to use mosques as a way to promote religious participation .
the characters are foul-mouthed extensions of their earlier characters pete and dud .
johan was also the original bassist for the swedish power metal band hammerfall but quit before the band ever released a studio album .
in 1998, Culver ran for the iowa secretary of state office and was successful .
in 1990, mark messier took the hart over ray bourque by a margin of two votes .
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he defied the law and decided to try and create his own colony in the middle of a hostile world .
the female equivalent is a daughter .
he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in april 1999 .
prior to the storm, the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks .
chess is played in which each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game .
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two former presidents were later separately charged with treason and mutiny for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
significant damage extended up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .
because the owner of the computer is usually unaware of it, these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies.
the wave traveled across the Atlantic Ocean , and organized into a tropical storm off the north coast of Haiti on September 13 .
for example , the stylebook of the associated press is updated annually .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke and gospel of john , probably written between 65 and 100 .
since the end of the 19th century eschelbronn is well known for its furniture manufacturing industry .
the upper half of the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim
unlike the clouds on earth , however , which are composed of crystals of ice , Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane .
their participation is limited until they reach legal adulthood .
development stable releases are rare but there are often snapshots which are stable enough to use .
finally in 1482 the order dispatched him to Florence , the ‘ city of his destiny ’ .
in the soviet years , the bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov 's principal landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral  1908  and st george cathedral in nakhichevan  1783-1807  .
he died on may 29th, 1518 in madrid, Spain and was buried in the church of san benito d'alcantara.
this was demonstrated in the miller-urey experiment by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953 .
cogeneration also combined heat and power , chp is the use of a heat engine or a power station to simultaneously generate both electricity and useful heat .
sometimes the " den master " will also allow a second male into the den ; the reason for this is unknown
a wikipedia gadget can be enabled simply by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
below are some helpful links to facilitate your participation .
he served as the prime minister of egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948 .
she was left behind when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland .
james i appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal .
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially indicated that he may not accept it .
later , speakers of esperanto began to see the language and culture that had grown up around it as their own , even if it never is adopted by the United Nations or other international organizations .
dry air wrapped around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on september 12 .
calvin baker is an american novelist .
Eva Anna Braun, died Eva Anna Hitler on 6 February 1912 – 30 April 1945. She was the longtime companion and wife of Adolf Hitler.
each version of the license is given a distinguishing version number .
most irc servers do not require users to sign up but a user will have to set a nickname before being connected
that same year he also received a mechanics certificate , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York .
summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling event produced by world wrestling entertainment wwe .
usually portrayed as being bald , with long whiskers , he is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
some animals have chromatic response - changing color in different environments - either seasonally ermine, snowshoe hare, or far more quickly with chromatophores in their integument.
val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the wwf intercontinental championship at 14:10 .
this closely resembles the unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces .
he comes from a musical family ; his mother , Larue , was an administrative assistant and singer ; and his father , Keith Brion , was a band director at Yale .
the largest populations of mennonites are in canada , the democratic republic of congo and the united states , but mennonites can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the populace of those countries .
naas is a " dublin suburb " town with many people living inNaas and working inDublin .
acanthopholis 's armour consisted of a series of oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin , with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area , along the spine .
origin irmo was chartered on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills , start in the house of lords .
in the years before his release in 1474 , when he began preparations for the Reconquest of Wallachia , Vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital .
you may add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text , and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text , to the end of the list of cover texts in the original version .
he is interred in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is the flexible tissue found in the inside of bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red  this is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets .
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse département in the area of the provence-alpes-côte d'azur .
macgruber starts asking for simple objects to make something to defuse the bomb , but he is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life  that makes him run out of time .
this was substantially completed when messiaen died , and yvonne Loriod undertook the final movement 's orchestration with advice from george benjamin .
shi ' a muslims consider karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca , Medina , Jerusalem and Najaf .
the pad called for the resignation of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat , whom the pad accused of being proxies for thaksin .
however , travel through very remote areas , on isolated tracks , requires advance planning and a suitable , reliable vehicle usually a four wheel drive .
for while at Kahn he was chief architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal and he and dr. schoen leave .
britpop emerged from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
this was absorbed into battalions being formed for xi international brigade .
the sheppard line currently has fewer users than the other two subway lines , and shorter trains are run .
it has a capacity of 98,772 people, making it the largest stadium in europe and the eleventh largest in the world .
in december , 1967 , ten Boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of israel .
some articles are quite lengthy and content rich while others are shorter .
about 95 species of animals are currently accepted .
eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill ".
terms such as " undies " and " movie " for " moving picture " are oft-heard terms in english .
jurisdiction derives its substance from public international law , conflict of law , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society .
he followed this with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is aracaju .
despite this , farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade .
gumbasia was created in a style vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles .
brandon waise lee became his idol and mk sun grew up to become a lawyer .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historical township located near Cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in Cabonne Shire .
donaldson enlisted in the australian army on 18 June 2002 .
prospectors from california , europe and china were also digging along the Peel river and up the mountain slopes .
before the advent of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 features 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches  .
yogurt is a dairy product produced by bacterial fermentation of milk .
seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame , more than any other current position , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries  see below  , but all were rejected by mainstream christian bodies .
the album was banned from many stores nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle .
in late 2004 , Suleman made headlines by cutting howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations .
the company opened twice as many canadian stores as " wendy 's confirms tim hortons' ipo by march ," ottawa business journal ," december 1, 2005 ," and system-wide sales also surpassed those of " wendy's confirms tim hortons' ipo by march ," ottawa business journal ," december 1, 2002
plot captain caleb holt  kirk cameron  is a firefighter in Albany , Georgia and firmly keeps the cardinal rule of all firefighters , " never leave your partner behind " .
he won the presidential election held on 2 march 2008 with 71.25% of the votes
the plant is considered a living fossil .
in 1990 , she was the only woman allowed to perform in saudi arabia .
orchestration stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913
protests across the nation were suppressed .
offenbach 's numerous operettas , such as orpheus in the underworld , and la belle hélène , were extremely popular in both france and the english-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles dating back to the Tang dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of chang ' an .
janine marie-madeleine demessieux February 13 , 1921 November 11, 1968, was a french organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
by most accounts , the instrument was nearly impossible to use .
santa maria maggiore is the earliest extant church in assisi .
radar observations suggest a fairly pure iron-nickel composition .
railway gazette international is a monthly business journal covering the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries worldwide .
he was appointed companion of honour in 1988 .
loèche harbours the installation of onyx , the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small cardboard folder  matchcover  enclosing a quantity of matches and having a fine striking surface on the exterior .
she was among the first doctors to object to smoking around children , and drug use in pregnant women .
defiantly , she vowed to never leave the commune , and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
oel manga series graystripe 's trilogy there is a three volume original english-language manga series following graystripe , between the time that he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
samovar & porter 1994 , pp. 84-85 syrians did not congregate in urban enclaves ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with americans on a daily basis .
he was also famous for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden metalwork furniture .
during childhood she had collapsed lungs twice , she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year , a ruptured appendix , and had a tonsillar cyst .
dr. david lindenmeyer at australian national university argues that the need for Nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable , for conserving the hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum .
the canadian ice hockey team is based in montreal , quebec , canada .
small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors .
the term gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species , especially the first species described from norway by Rathke in 1799 .
bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries are generally known as wounds inflicted by a club .
thereafter the county's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has yet accomplished a quadruple axel in competition .
from the telephone exchange , the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour
however , even to those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying , there are still rules that still apply .
it is described as being pointed in the face and being about the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is characterized by how much work a computer system can do compared to how much time and resources it uses
some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be found along the volga .
the crosier symbolises the monasteries of the region .
human skin colors can range from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , helped yunus with the incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial , but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined .
representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association vote to select the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
the borders of tajikistan , Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan border afghanistan to the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south and the people's republic of china to the east .
nupedia was founded on march 9th, 2000, under the ownership of bomis, inc, a web portal company.
notable features of the design include key-dependent single-box and a highly complex key schedule .
iain grieve was born on 19 February, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana. He is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was independently proposed by physicists Murray Gell-mann and George Zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location .
west berlin had its own postal administration which issued its own stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro Botticelli .
new south wales 's largest city and capital is sydney .
the polymer is most often epoxy , but other polymers , such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon , are also sometimes used
the name survives as a brand for a related spin-off digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which have continued to be successful after the demise of the printed magazine .
at four-and-a-half years old he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern italy for the next four years .
stands were eventually added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernized .
a town may be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market , provided the right to do so still exists .
a bastion was built later on the eastern approaches
events on July 29 - the battle of Stiklestad in Norway - olav Haraldsson loses to his pagan vassals and is killed in the battle .
others have theorized that tresca was eliminated by the nkvd as retribution for criticism of the soviet union .
this resulted in both Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries .
use html and css sparingly and only for good reasons .
schuschnigg immediately responded that reports of riots were false .
addiscombe is a suburb in the London borough of Croydon , England .
depending on the context , another closely related meaning of constituent is that of a person who resides in the area governed ; sometimes this is restricted to citizens who elected the politician .
prunk is a member of the institute of european history in mainz ; and a senior fellow at the center for european integration studies in Bonn .
Stallone also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger
instead of creating a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the "hovercraft" and shooting the scene while riding up templin highway north of santa clarita , the crew fashioned a trailer with a cantilevered arm that was attached to the "hovercraft" and shot the scene while riding on the "hovercraft."
the conference papers were published in a bookmicroeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al.
wario land the wario land series is a platforming series that started with wario land : super mario land 3 .
frédéric Chopin's opus 57 is a lullaby for solo piano .
these attacks may have been psychological in origin rather than physical .
a historian has stated that " quinine 's efficacy that gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa " .
furthermore , spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates which indicate that there is a stony surface composition .
she became the authoritative editor of her husband 's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury is similar in appearance to the moon - it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains , has no natural satellites and no substantial atmosphere .
geography the town lies in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
these areas provide excellent habitats for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was successively ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors descending from the Delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608 .
the prime minister remains in office only as long as he or she retains the support of the lower house .
for rowing , this scene is important because it shows harry 's bravery and by retrieving cedric 's corpse , he demonstrates his selflessness and compassion .
jan-carl raspe and holger meins were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in frankfurt on june 1, 1972 .
together they formed new music manchester , a group that was committed to contemporary music .
the intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper florida keys , as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region .
it is now the site of mahatma Gandhi 's samadhi  tomb-shrine as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims .
the collapsed dome of the main church has been restored completely
in 2005, meissner became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition .
Salem is a city in Essex County , Massachusetts , United States .
forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been recorded .
saint martin is an island in the northeast of the caribbean , approximately 300 kilometers from Puerto Rico .
these pdfs can not be distributed without further editing if they contain images .
in april 1862 , ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger for participating in an armed robbery whilst in the company of frank gardiner .
heavy rain fell across portions of britain on october 5th causing localized accumulation of flood waters .
2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb .
in approximate relation to the parties ' respective strength in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : the free democratic party  fdp  : 2 members , the christian democratic people 's party  cvp  : 2 members , the social democratic party  sp  : 2 members , and the swiss people 's party  svp  : 1 member .
a fee is the price one pays as recompense for services , especially the honorarium paid to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other member of a learned profession .
ohio state 's library system contains twenty-one libraries located on its columbus campus .
in other developments, both iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway, but Scotland was able to repulse a norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement.
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca can't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in april 2000 , minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence .
the body color varies from light brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and occasionally, it is marked with dark brown spots , especially on the limbs .
the britannica was originally a scottish enterprise , as represented by its thistle logo and the floral emblem of scotland .
the area covered by the warning issued on september 22 was extended southwards soon after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diegounion tribune alleged that the marines pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the initial stages of combat .
the latter provides audiences with the sort of information later provided by intertitles , and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like .
because real estate , businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as collateral to raise money to finance industrial and commercial expansion .
he bolted from sydney cove several times before being shot dead in 1796
ned and dan advanced to the police camp and ordering them to surrender .
before the second game got underway , the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance had not been up to veeck 's usual promotional standard .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now joss whedon confirmed that " fray is not over yet , fray is coming back .
a mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel .
the sat reasoning test formerly was the school aptitude test and the school assessment test was a standardized test for college admissions in the united states .
civil unrest in the northern italy spawns the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants .
some reports read that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations .
his sentence was sent to australia for seven years .
waugh writes that charles had been " in search of love in those days " when he first met Sebastian , finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , a metaphor that informs the work on a number of levels .
her notorious friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also an important factor in her life .
the term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are either situated toward or grow off that side of an animal .
the term " protein " was coined by berzelius , after mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of large molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang laid low for 16 months evading capture .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern france .
colors from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 an extension was added , curving north from union station , below university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street , where it turned west to terminate at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed through the western side of the Simpson desert .
it is located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both .
as the largest sub-region in mesoamerica , it encompassed a vast and varied landscape from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google made the comic available on google books and their site and mentioned it on their official blog along with an explanation for the early release .
anyone may register a pedigree with the college , where they are carefully audited and require official proof before being altered .
the book was published in 1985 but had limited classroom adoption .
he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 for their first-ever performance in the soviet Union , with concerts in moscow and leningrad , and toured with the ipo again in 1994 , performing in China and India .
the austrian general mack surrenders his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm , and reaping napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers .
it has long been the economic center of northern nigeria and a center for the production and export of groundnuts .
a majority of south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages - kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora earned multiple awards and honors .
after a brief stand-off , the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked kane and jericho .
most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .
in the 5th century, Slavs started to move into the area .
from 1900 to 1920 many new facilities were constructed on campus , including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs , a chemistry building , a building for the natural sciences , a hill auditorium , large hospital and library complexes , and two residence halls .
winchester is a city in scott county in the united states .
name arzashkun seems to be the assyrian form of an armenian name ending in -ka formed from a proper name arzash , which recalls the name arsene , arsissa , applied by the ancients to part of lake van .
out of 16,421 people who took part in the national casting for the tv show , she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the show .
its episodes were broadcast on the abc network from its debut on september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
the latter device can then be designed and used in less stringent environments .
gimnasia hired the famed Colombian Trainer Francisco Maturana and then the Italian Trainer Julio César Falcioni but both had limited success.
brighton is a city in washington county , iowa , united states .
moreover , she appeared in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on jun 24 1979 750th anniversary of the village received its town charter .
pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 and later mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , although the character is now described as " mario 's friend " .
the vagina is remarkably elastic and stretches to many times its normal diameter during childbirth .
his real date of birth was never recorded and it is believed that it was between 1935 and 1939 .
this quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance  inhibitor  is needed to inhibit a given biological process  or component of a process , i.e. an enzyme , cell , cell receptor or microorganism  by half .
although the name suggests they are located in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern , some of the bernese alps are in the neighboring cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
she had one daughter - later baptized as mary ann fisher power - to ann e power.
during an interview , edward gorey mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists .
the string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can produce different notes , and every mode appears as a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable also earned an academy award nomination when he portrayed fletcher christian in 1935's mutiny on the bounty .
