one side of the armed conflicts is composed mainly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
jeddah is the main gateway to Mecca , Islam's holiest city , which is able to be visited by able-bodied muslims at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is thought to represent a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune .
his next work is Saturday , following an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord and attached it to the ball .
he died six weeks later on 13 january 888 .
they are culturally akin to the coastal people of Papua New Guinea .
since 2000 the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been given the colin mears award to the value of £ 5000 .
following the drummers are dancers who often play the soo a tiny drum that makes almost no sound and tend to have more simpler — even less elaborate — choreography .
the spacecraft consists of two main elements : the nasa cassini orbiter named after the italian-french astronomer Giovanni domenico cassini and the esa huygens probe named after the dutch astronomer, mathematician and physicist christiaan huygens.
alessandro " sandro " mazzola was born on 8 November 1942 .
it was thought at first that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham attended Wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 , when he graduated with a ba in anthropology .
however , the bzö differs from the freedom party a bit in comparison to the support for a referendum about the Lisbon treaty but against an eu-withdrawal .
many species had vanished by the end of the nineteenth century , with the arrival of European settlement .
in 1987, wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame .
in its pure form , dextromethorphan is a white powder .
admission to tsinghua is extremely competitive .
today nrc is organised as an independent, private foundation .
it is located at the coast of the Baltic Sea, encompassing the city of Stralsund .
he was also named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports Illustrated .
five is a british sport believed to derive from the same origins as many racquet sports .
for example, king bhumibol was born on Monday , so throughout Thailand will be decorated with yellow flowers .
both of the names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland .
despite , however , tagore emulated numerous styles , including work from northern new ireland , carvings from the west coast of canada  british columbia  , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate john f. kennedy proposed the idea of creating the peace corps on the steps of the michigan union .
she performed for president reagan in 1988 's great performances at the white house series which aired on the public broadcasting service .
perry saturn withTerri defeated eddie guerrero withChyna to win the wwf european championship at 8:10 onSaturn pinned guerrero after a diving elbow drop .
she remained in the united states until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France .
despina was discovered in late July, 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 September 1921 at brescia .
he also completed two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious tales and seven strange and ghostly tales .
at the voyager 2 images of ophelia appears as an elongated object , the major axis pointing towards uranus .
the british decided to eliminate him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia , between the south australian border almost as far as cairns , don't follow official Australian time .
small pieces of colorful and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays , which have been used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
the other incorporated cities on the palos verdes peninsula include rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
fearing that drek will destroy the galaxy, clank asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark, in an effort to stop drek.
it is not actually a true louse .
he advocates applying a user-centered design process to product development cycles and also working towards popularizing interaction design as a mainstream discipline .
it is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you and the administrator who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone who has never met them in person .
working group i : assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain forms part of the hebrides , separated from the scottish mainland and from the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on July 12, 2008 .
formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the minor planet center .
by early on September 30 , wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began .
each entry includes a datum - a nugget of data - which is a copy of the datum in a backing store .
as a result , although many mosques will not enforce the guidelines , both men and women when attending a mosque must adhere to these regulations .
mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , published in 1991 .
ryan prosser was born on 10 July 1988 .
like the previous assessment reports, it consists of four reports, three of them from its working groups.
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris .
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of victoria 's reign .
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts  mma promotion billed as the world 's first professional MMA league .
giardia lamblia is synonymous with lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonises and reproduces in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
aside from this , cameron has often worked in religious-themed productions , among them the post-rapture films left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he plays cameron " buck " williams .
this was the area east of the mouth of the vistula river , later sometimes called " prussia " .
after graduating from college he returned to Yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew - and the gospel of luke - specifically .
weelkes was later to find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and excessive behaviour .
so far, ' celebrity ' episodes have included vic reeves , Nancy Sorrell , Gaby Roslin , Scott Mills , Simongregson , Lee Ryan .
it was discovered by stephen p. synnott in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5 , 1979 while orbiting around jupiter .
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser .
on 16 June 2009, the official release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website .
he is also a member of the another jungiery boyband 183 club .
the apostolic tradition, attributed to the theologian Hippolytus, attests the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts .
in return, rolo swore fealty to charles , converted to christianity , and undertook to defend the northern region of france against the incursions of other viking groups .
it is derived from the voice of America    special English .
Disney received a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , presented to him by 10-year-old child actress Shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden , Switzerland .
it continues as the bohemian switzerland in the Czech Republic .
this leads to consumer confusion when 220,048,576 bytes is referenced as 1 million bytes instead of 1 million megabytes .
the incident has been the subject of many reports as to the ethics of scholarship .
so that the animal may be more docile or may put on more weight quickly .
seventh sons have strong " skills " that are specific magical abilities and seventh sons of seventh sons are both extraordinarily rare and powerful .
benchmarking conducted by passmark software highlight the 2009 version 's 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory utilization .
volterra is a town in the Tuscan region of Italy .
historically, the sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other until recently , where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain , but exhibits notable differences .
the tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous .
the same tram derailed on 30 may 2006 at Starr Gate Loop during the previous trials .
there are statues of sir alframsey and sir bob robson , both former ipswich town and england managers , outside the ground .
take the square root of the variance .
volunteers provided food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays de la loire in northwestern france .
if there are no strong land use controls , buildings are built along a bypass , turning it into an ordinary road , and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid .
it is also a starting point for people wanting to explore cooktown , capeYork Peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises often induce pain but are not usually dangerous .
none of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, vandals, or anyone else connected with wikipedia, in any way whatsoever, can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages.
george frideric handel also served as kapellmeister for George, elector of Hanover who eventually became George I of Great Britain .
their eyes are small and their visual acuity is poor .
they are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin .
oregano is an essential ingredient in the Greek cuisine .
tickets can be bought for national railway services the docklands light railway and on the oyster card .
these works he produced and published himself whilst his much larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned .
the historical method consists of the techniques and guidelines used by historians to use primary sources and other evidence to research and then to write history .
the sheer weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake vostok is thought to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .
as of 2000 , the population of emmen was 89,148 .
aliteracy is the state of being able to read but not being interested in doing so .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound used as a pharmaceutical .
it will then sink back to the river bed and will digest its food and wait for its next meal .
furthermore, research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that he or she knows , trusts , and / or cares about .
landis ' father has become a enthusiastic supporter of his son and regards himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans .
shortly after achieving category 4 status, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged .
the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage .
convinced that the grounds were haunted, they decided to publish their findings in a book and an adventure 1911, under the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont.
he settled in London , devoted himself chiefly to practical teaching .
brunstad has several fast food restaurants and a cafeteria-style restaurant .
he left 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region .
in 1438, trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia, and thenceforth its history merges with that of the states of the church, then 1860 with the united kingdom of italy.
the depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation devoid of convection and dissipated the next day over Brazil .
the new york city housing authority police department was an law enforcement agency in new york city that existed from 1952 to 1995 .
the current lineup of the band consists of flynn vocals, guitar, duce bass, phil demmel guitar, and dave mcclain drums.
advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries of the greater middle east to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation .
the characters are foul-mouthed extensions of their earlier characters .
johan was the original bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall but left before the band ever released a studio album .
in 1998, Culver ran for the iowa secretary of state office and was successful .
in 1990, mark messier took the hart over ray bourque by a margin of two votes .
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he disregards that law and causes a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home , forcing their premature migration and his separation from them .
the female equivalent is a daughter .
he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April 1999 .
the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks before the storm .
the form of chess played is speed chess in which each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game .
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two former presidents were later separately charged with treason and mutiny for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
moderate to severe damage extended up the eastern coast and as far inland as west virginia .
because the owner of the computer is unaware of it, these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies .
the wave traveled across the atlantic and organized into a tropical depression off the north coast of haiti on September 13 .
the stylebook of the associated press is updated annually .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke and gospel of john , probably written between 65 and 100
since the end of the 19th century, eschelbronn is well known for its furniture manufacturing industry .
the upper half of the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
unlike the clouds on earth , however, which are composed of crystals of ice , neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane .
their participation is limited until they reach the age of 18 .
stable releases are rare, but there are often subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use .
finally in 1482 the order sent him to Florence , the ‘ city of his destiny ’ .
in the soviet years, the bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov 's principal landmarks - St Alexander Nevsky cathedral 1908 and St George cathedral in Nakhichevan 1783-1807 .
he died on may 29, 1518 in madrid, Spain and was buried in the church of San Benito d'Alcantara .
this was demonstrated in the miller-urey experiment by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953 .
cogeneration also combine heat and power , chp is the use of a heat engine or a power station to simultaneously generate both electricity and useful heat .
on occasion, the male " den master " will also allow a second male into the den ; the reason for this is unknown .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript snippet that can be enabled by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
below are some useful links to facilitate your involvement .
he served as the prime minister of egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948 .
she was left behind when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland .
James I appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal .
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially indicated that he may not accept it .
later, Esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as something that was in itself , even if Esperanto never is adopted by the united nations or other international organizations .
dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on september 12 .
calvin baker is an american novelist .
Eva Anna Braun, died Eva Anna Hitler on 6 February 1912 – 30 April 1945. She was the longtime companion and wife of Adolf Hitler.
each version of the license is given a distinguishing version number .
most IRC servers do not require users to register an account but users will need to set a nickname before being connected .
that same year he also received a mechanics certificate , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by world wrestling entertainment wwe .
usually portrayed as being bald , with long whiskers , he is said to be an incarnation of the polestar
a few animals have chromatic response , changing color in changing environments , either seasonally  ermine , snowshoe hare  or far more rapidly with chromatophores in their integument  the cephalopod family .
val venis defeated Rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the wwf Intercontinental Championship at 14:10 .
this closely resembles the Unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces .
he comes from a musical family ; his mother, larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, keith brion, was a band director at yale.
the largest populations of mennonites are in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states , but mennonites can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the populace of those countries .
naas is a " dublin suburb " town with many people living in naas and working in dublin .
acanthopholis 's armour consisted of oval plates that were set almost horizontally into the skin and had spikes that were protruding from the neck and shoulder area .
origin irmo was chartered on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the house of lords .
in the years leading up to his final release in 1474 , when he began preparations for the reconquest of Wallachia , Vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital .
you may add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text , and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version
he is interred in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is the flexible tissue found in the hollow interior of bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red  this is the same scattering process that gives us blue sky and red sunsets
monteux is a commune of the vaucluse département in the area of the south of france .
macgruber starts asking for simple objects to make something to defuse the bomb , but he is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life that makes him run out of time .
this was substantially complete when messiaen died , and yvonne Loriod undertook the final movement 's orchestration with advice from George Benjamin .
shi ' a muslims consider karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca , Medina , Jerusalem and Najaf .
the pad called for the resignation of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat , whom the pad accused of being proxies for thaksin .
however travel through very remote areas , on isolated tracks , requires advance planning and a suitable vehicle usually a four-wheel drive .
while at Kahn he was the chief architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he excuse himself because he has to leave for rehearsal and he and dr. schön leave .
britpop emerged from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
this was absorbed into battalions being formed for the xi international brigade .
the sheppard line currently has fewer users than the other two subway lines and shorter trains are run .
it has a capacity of 98,772 people , making it the largest stadium in europe and the eleventh largest in the world .
in December, 1967, ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of Israel .
some articles are quite long and rich in content while others are shorter possibly stubs  and of lesser quality .
about 95 species of animals are currently accepted into the zoo .
eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill ."
terms such as " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are often-heard terms in english .
jurisdiction comes its substance from public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society .
he followed up this piece with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , the overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is Aracaju .
despite this, farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade .
gumbasia was created in a style Vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles .
brandon waise lee became his idol and mk sun grew up to become a lawyer .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near Cowra in the central west of New South Wales , Australia in Cabonne Shire .
donaldson enlisted in the australian army on 18June 2002 .
prospectors from California, Europe, and China were also digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes .
before the advent of the pocket calculator it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 features 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches    9.1 millimeters   .
yoghurt or yogurt is a dairy product that is produced by the fermentation of milk .
seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame , more than any other current position , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries but all were rejected by mainstream christian bodies.
the album was banned from many stores nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle .
in late 2004 , suleman made headlines by cutting howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations .
the company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's " Wendy's confirms Tim Horton's IPO by March " , Ottawa Business Journal , December 1, 2005 , and system-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002 .
plot captain Caleb Holt Kirk Cameron is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia and firmly keeps the cardinal rule of all firefighters, " never leave your partner behind ".
he won the presidential election held on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the votes .
the plant is considered a fossil .
in 1990 , she was the only female performer allowed to perform in saudi arabia
orchestration stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913 .
protests across the nation were stopped .
offenbach 's many operas , such as orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène , were very popular in both France and the english-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles dating back to the Tang Dynasty have been found west of the ancient city of Chang ' an .
janine marie-madeleine demessieux february 13 , 1921 november 11 , 1968 was a french organist , pianist , composer , and pedagogue .
by most accounts, the instrument was nearly impossible to control .
santa maria maggiore is the earliest extant church in assisi .
the radar observations indicate that the composition of the metal found in the object is fairly pure .
railway gazette international is a monthly business journal covering the railways , metro , light rail and tram industries worldwide .
he was appointed companion of honour in 1988 .
loèche harbours the installation of onyx , a swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small cardboard folder  matchcover  enclosing a quantity of matches and having a finer striking surface on the exterior .
she was among the first doctors to object to the smoking of cigarettes around children and the drug use of pregnant women .
definitely , she vowed never to abandon the commune , and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
oel manga series graystripe 's trilogy there is a three volume original english-language manga series following graystripe , between the time that he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
samovar & porter 1994, p. 84 the syrians did not congregate in urban enclaves ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with americans on a daily basis .
he was also famous for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden metalwork furniture .
during childhood she suffered from collapsed lungs 4-5 times a year ; a ruptured appendix ; and had a tonsillar cyst .
dr. david lindenmeyer at the australian national university has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable , for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum .
the montreal canadians are a professional ice hockey team based in montreal , quebec , canada .
small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors .
the term grizzle was originally assigned to the wood-boring species , especially the first species described from norway by Rathke in 1799 , limnoria lignorum .
bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries are generally known as wounds inflicted by a club .
thereafter the county's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the town in 1596 .
no skater has yet accomplished a quadruple Axel in competition .
from the telephone exchange , the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour .
however , even to those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying , there are still rules that apply .
it is described as being pointed in the face and being about the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is characterized by the amount of work that a computer system can complete compared to the time and resources that are used .
some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be found near the volga .
the cross symbolises the monasteries of the region .
human skin colors can range from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank helped yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial , but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined .
representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association voted to put the all-star team together at the end of the regular season .
tajikistan , Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan to the north , Iran to the west , Pakistan to the south and the people's republic of China to the east .
nupedia was founded on march 9 , 2000 , under the ownership of bomis, inc .
some notable features of the design include key-dependent boxes and a highly complex key schedule .
iain grieve was born on 19 February 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana.
other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was independently proposed by physicists Murray Gell-mann and George Zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location .
west berlin had its own postal administration, separate from west germany 's, which issued its own stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro Botticelli , c. 1482 .
new south wales 's largest city and capital is sydney .
the polymer is most often epoxy , but other polymers , such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon , are also sometimes used .
the name remains as a brand for a related spin-off digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which have survived the demise of the printed magazine .
at four-and-a-half years old he was left to fend for himself on the streets of the north of Italy for the next four years , living in various orphanages and roaming through towns with groups of other homeless children .
stands were eventually added in front of each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernized .
a town may be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market , if the right to do so still exists .
a bastion was built later .
events on July 29 - the battle of Stiklestad in Norway - Olav Haraldsson loses to his pagan vassals and is killed in the battle .
others have theorized that tresca was eliminated by the nkvd as retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union .
this resulted in Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries .
use html and css markup sparingly and only for good reasons .
schuschnigg immediately responded publicly that reports of riots were false .
addiscombe is a suburb in the east of the london borough of croydon , england .
depending on the context , another closely related meaning of constituent is that of a resident of the area governed , represented , or otherwise served by a politician ; sometimes this is restricted to residents who elected the politician .
prunk is a member of the institute of european history inmainz and a senior fellow at the center for european integration studies in Bonn .
Stallone also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead of launching the camera on a high-speed car ride up templin highway north of Santa Clarita , the crew fashioned a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the " hovercraft " and shot the scene while riding in the car
the conference papers were published in a bookmicroeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al .
wario land the wario land series is a platforming series that started with wario land : super mario land 3 .
frédéric Chopin's opus 57 is a berceuse for solo piano .
these attacks may have been psychological in origin rather than physical .
a historian has stated that " quinine 's efficacy that gave colonists new opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa " .
furthermore, spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals andsilicates , which indicate a rocky surface composition .
she became the authoritative editor of her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury is similar in appearance to the moon : it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains with no natural satellites and no substantial atmosphere .
the town lies in the Limmat valley between Baden and Zurich .
these ideal habitats provide excellent habitat for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was successively ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors descending from the Delhi sultanate before the arrival of the Mughals in 1608 .
the prime minister remains in office only as long as she or he retains the support of the lower house .
for rowing , this scene is important because it shows harry 's bravery and by retrieving cedric 's corpse , he demonstrates his selflessness and compassion .
on june 1, 1972, jan-carl raspe and holger meins were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in frankfurt .
together they formed new music manchester , a group committed to contemporary music .
the intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper florida keys , as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region .
it is now the site of Meher Baba 's Samadhi .
the collapsed dome of the main church has been restored completely .
in 2005, meissner became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition .
Salem is a city in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States.
forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been reported .
saint martin is an island in the northeast of the caribbean , approximately 300 km from Puerto Rico .
because these pdfs contain images , they can not be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images .
in April 1862, ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger for participating in an armed robbery whilst in the company of frank gardiner .
heavy rain fell across portions of the uk on october 5 .
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb where the user's personal data can be saved if desired .
in approximate relation to the parties ' respective strength in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : the free democratic party  fdp  : 2 members , the christian democratic people 's party  cvp  : 2 members , the social Democratic party  sp  : 2 members , and the swiss people 's party  svp  : 1 member .
a fee is the price one pays as a stipend for services , especially the honorarium paid to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other member of a learned profession .
Ohio state 's library system includes twenty-one libraries located on its Columbus campus .
in other developments , both iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway , but Scotland was able to repulse a norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement .
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " can't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in April 2000, minix became free/open source software under a permissive open source licence , but by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities , and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists .
the body color varies from light brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and occasionally , is marked with dark brown spots , especially on the limbs .
the britannica was primarily a french enterprise , as represented by its fleur-de-lis logo , the floral emblem of france .
the area that was covered by the warning issued on september 22 was extended southwards soon after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diegounion tribune alleged that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the initial stages of combat .
the latter helped audiences imagine what the film may have been like by providing them with information that would later be provided by intertitles .
because real estate, businesses, and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can not be used as collateral to raise money to finance industrial and commercial expansion .
he left Sydney Cove several times before being shot dead in 1796 .
Ned and Dan advanced to the police camp and ordered them to Surrender .
before the second game got underway , the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance had not been up to veeck 's usual promotional standard .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now joss whedon confirmed that " fray is not over , fray is coming back .
a mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel .
the sat reasoning test formerly was the scholastic aptitude test and the scholastic assessment test was a standardized test for college admissions in the United States .
civil unrest in the north of italy spawned the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants .
some reports read that various factors increase the likelihood of paralysis and hallucinations .
his sentence was transportation to australia for seven years .
waugh writes that charles had been " in search of love in those days " when he first met Sebastian , finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , a metaphor that informs the work on a number of levels .
her notorious friendship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was also an important factor in her life .
the term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are either situated toward or grow off the side of an animal .
the term " protein " was coined by berzelius , after mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of very large molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang laid low for 16 months evading capture .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern france .
color ranges from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 an extension was added to the north from union station , below university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street , where it turned west to terminate at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980, a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed along the western side of the Simpson desert .
it is located on an old path which led west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both .
as the largest sub-region in Mesoamerica , it encompassed a vast and varied landscape , from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google made the comic available on google books and their site and stated that they had an explanation for the early release on their official blog .
anyone may register a pedigree with the college , where they are carefully internally audited and require official proofs before being changed .
the book was published in 1985 but had limited classroom adoption .
he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 for their first-ever performance in the soviet union .
the napoleonic wars : an austrian general capitulates to the grand army of napoleon at ulm , yielding over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers .
it has long been the economic center of northern Nigeria and a center for the production and export of groundnuts .
most of the south Indians speak one of the five dravidian languages - Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu and Tulu.
meteora earned multiple awards and honors .
after a brief stand-off , the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked kane and jericho .
most of the songs were written by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman .
in the 5th century the slavs started to move into the area .
from 1900 to 1920 many new buildings were constructed on campus , including buildings for the dental and pharmacy programs , a building for the natural sciences , a building for the medical sciences , a large hospital and library complexes , and two residence halls .
winchester is a city in scott county, illinois, united states .
name arzashkun seems to be theAssyrian form of an armenian name ending in -ka formed from a proper name arzash , which recalls the name arsene , arsissa , applied by the ancients to part of lake van .
out of 16,421 participants who took part in the national casting , she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the show .
its episodes were aired on the abc network from its debut on september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
the latter device can then be designed and used in less stringent environments .
gimnastics hired the famous Colombian trainer Francisco Maturana and the Italian julio Cesare Falcioni but both had limited success.
brighton is a city in the county of washington in the state of Iowa , in the United States .
moreover, she appeared in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on June 24 1979, 750 years after the village, glinde received its town charter .
she returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 and later in mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 .
the vagina is unusually elastic and stretches to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth .
his real date of birth is said to have been between 1935 and 1939 .
this quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance  inhibitor  is needed to inhibit a given biological process  or component of a process , i.e. an enzyme , cell , cell receptor , or microorganism  by half .
although the name suggests that they are located in the bernese Oberland region of the canton of Bern , portions of the bernese Alps are in the adjacent cantons of Valais , Lucerne , Obwalden , Fribourg and Vaud .
he had one daughter - later baptized as Mary Ann Fisher Power - to Ann Powers.
during an interview , edward gorey mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists .
the string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can produce different notes , and every mode appears as a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable also earned an academy award nomination when he played fletcher christian in 1935's mutiny on the bounty .