one side of the armed conflicts are composed mainly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
Jeddah is the principal gateway to Mecca, the holiest city in Islam, which every able-bodied Muslim is required to visit at least once in their lifetime.
the great dark spot is thought to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of neptune
his next work is about a day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon who has an especially eventful day .
the tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord and , attaching it to the ball , quickly crawled away to the east , pulling on the cord with all his strength .
he died on january 888 .
the coastal peoples of papua new guinea are culturally similar to the people of the coastal area of papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been given the colin mears award to the value of £ 5000 .
following the drummers are dancers who often play the sogo drum which makes almost no sound and have more elaborate - even acrobatic - choreography .
the spacecraft has two main parts : the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe .
alessandro " sandro " mazzola was born on 8 november 1942 .
it was thought that the debris thrown up by the impact filled in the smaller craters .
graham attended wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 and graduated with a bachelor's degree in anthropology in 1943 .
However, the bzö differs a bit in comparison to the freedom party, as it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty but against an EU withdrawal.
many species had disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century as a result of european settlement .
in 1987, wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame.
dextromethorphan is a white powder in its pure form .
admission to tsinghua is very competitive .
today, the nrc is an independent , private foundation
it is located at the coast of the baltic sea and encloses the city of stralsund .
he was also named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated.
five is a sport that originated in Britain and is believed to have derived from the same origins as many racquet sports .
for example , king bhumibol was born on monday so throughout thailand on his birthday will be decorated with the color yellow
both the names 'scotland' and 'national museum of scotland' became defunct in 2007 .
nevertheless , tagore emulated styles from northern new ireland , haida carvings from the west coast of canada , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate john f. kennedy proposed the idea of what became the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she performed for president reagan in 1988 at the white house series .
perry saturn with terri defeated eddie guerrero with chyna to win the wwf european championship 8:10 perry pinned guerrero after a diving elbow drop
she stayed in the united states until 1927 when she and her husband returned to france
despina was discovered in late july 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the italian grand prix motor racing championship was held on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he also completed two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack and other curious yarns .
the ophelia image appears elongated as it points towards uranus on the voyager 2 images .
the british decided to kill him and take the land by force .
some towns in the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia do not follow the official western australian time .
iridescent shell pieces have been used to create mosaics and inlay in buildings furniture and boxes .
the other cities on the palos verdes peninsula are rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
clank asks ratchet to help him find captain qwark , a famous superhero who could stop drek .
it is not actually a true bug .
he advocates for applying user-centered design in product development cycles and also tries to popularize interaction design as a mainstream discipline .
it is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you and the administrator who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they ' ve never met in person
working group i assesses the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain is part of the hebrides , which are separated from the mainland of Scotland by the stormy waters of the minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on july 12th .
formal minor planet designations are combinations of numbers and names overseen by the minor planet center .
on september 30 wind shear began to dramatically increase and the trend began to weaken .
each entry has a data which is a copy of the data in some backup store .
as a result , many mosques won't enforce breaches but both men and women must adhere to these guidelines when attending a mosque .
mariel of redwall is a book by brian jacques published in 1991 .
ryan prosser was born on 10 july 1988 and plays for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
like previous assessment reports , the fourth one is from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris and their grandson pierre joliot is a noted chemist .
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of victoria 's reign and a vast quantity were printed .
the international fight league was billed as the world 's first MMA promotion .
giardia lamblia is the same as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis, which is a flagellated protozoan parasite that lives in the small intestine and causes giardiasis.
aside from this he's also worked in christian-themed productions such as the post-rapture films left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war .
this is the area east of the mouth of the vistula river .
after he graduated he came back to yerevan to teach at the conservatory and later he was appointed the artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the bible accounts given in the gospels of matthew and luke .
wellesley was later to find himself in trouble with the cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and bad behavior .
so far the ' celebrity ' episodes have included vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
it was discovered on march 5 by stephen p. synnott while orbiting around jupiter .
gomaespuma was a radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser .
on 16 june 2009 , the band announced the release of the resistance on their website
he is also in another jungiery boyband 183 club
the apostolic tradition attests the singing of psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts .
in return , rollo swore allegiance to charles and converted to christianity in order to be able to protect the northern region of france from the incursions of other viking groups .
it originates from the voice of america voa .
disney received an oscar statuette and seven miniature ones from 10-year-old child actress shirley temple
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of graubünden .
the bohemian switzerland continues as the czech republic .
when 220 1,048,576 bytes is referenced as 1 megabyte  instead of 1 mib
the incident is the subject of numerous reports about the ethics in scholarship .
they are castrated so that the animal may be more docile or may put on weight more quickly .
seventh sons have specific magical abilities and seventh sons of seventh sons are both very rare and powerful .
benchmarking conducted by passmark software found that the 2009 version took 52 seconds to install , 32 seconds to scan and used 7 megabytes of memory .
volterra is a town in the tuscany region of Italy
historically , itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other until recently where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain but exhibits notable differences
the tongue is sticky because there is a lot of glycoprotein-rich mucous , which both helps to move in and out of the snout and catches ants and termites .
the same tram derailed on 30 may 2006 at starr gate loop during the previous trials .
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich and england managers , outside the ground .
take the square root of the variance .
volunteers gave food , blankets , water , children 's toys , massages , and a live rock band performance to those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the pays-de-la-loire region of northwestern france
if there are no strong controls over land use , buildings are built along a bypass , turning it into an ordinary street , and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid .
it is a starting point for people who want to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland
bruises often cause pain but are not normally dangerous .
none of the people who wrote the information in these pages , or who are connected to wikipedia in any way , can be responsible for what you do with that information .
George Frederic Handel also served as composer and conductor for George , elector of Hanover who eventually became George I of Great Britain.
their eyes are small and their visual acuity is poor .
They are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin .
oregano is a key ingredient in greek cuisine .
tickets can be sold for national rail services , the docklands light railway and on the oyster card .
these are the works he produced and published himself , whilst his much larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work .
the historical method consists of using primary sources and other evidence to research and then to write history
the weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .
as of 2000 , the population was 89,148 people .
aliteracy is the state of being able to read but not being interested in it .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as a medication .
it will then come loose and sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
furthermore , research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know , trust and care about .
today , landis ' father is a supporter of his son and regards himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans .
shortly after attaining category 4 status , the outer convection of the hurricane became scattered .
the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage that will balance supply and demand .
convinced that the place was haunted , they decided to put their findings in a book an adventure 1911 , under the pseudonym elizabeth morison and frances lamont
he moved to london and started to devote himself chiefly to teaching practical matters .
brunstad has a few fast food restaurants , a cafeteria-style restaurant , and its own grocery store .
he left a detachment of 11,000 troops to stay in the newly conquered region .
in 1438 trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia , and thenceforth its history merged first with that of the states of the church , then with that of the united kingdom of italy in 1860 .
the depression moved inland on the 20th without any convection and dissipated the next day over brazil .
the new york city housing authority police department was a law enforcement agency in new york city from 1952 to 1995
the current lineup of the band is flynn on vocals , guitar , duce on bass , phil demmel on guitar , and dave mcclain on drums .
advocacy countries with a muslim minority population are more likely to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation.
the character are similar to their earlier characters pete and dud in that they are foul-mouthed .
johan was also the bassist for the swedish power metal band hammerfall, but he quit before the band ever released a studio album.
in 1998 , culver ran for the secretary of state in iowa and won .
in 1990 , mark messier won the hart by a margin of two votes over ray bourque- the difference being one first-place vote .
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he willfully disobeys that law and unintentionally initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony's home, forcing their premature migration and his separation from them.
the female equivalent is a daughter
he was diagnosed with cancer in april 1999 and it was found that the cancer was inoperable .
before the arrival of the storm , the national park service closed visitor centers and campsites near the outer banks .
speed chess is the form of chess where each competitor has twelve minutes for the whole game .
the amazon basin is the part of south america that's drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two former presidents were later separately charges with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
damage was moderate to severe up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .
because the owner is unaware , these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies .
the wave traveled across the atlantic and formed into a tropical depression off the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .
for example , the stylebook of the associated press is updated every year .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew, gospel of mark, gospel of luke, and gospel of john, probably written between ad 65 and 100.
Since the end of the 19th century, eschelbronn has been known for its furniture manufacturing industry.
the upper half of the flag also resembles the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
unlike the clouds on earth which are made of crystals of ice , neptune 's cirrus clouds are made of crystals of frozen methane .
their participation is limited until they reach the age of legal adulthood
development stable releases are rare but there are often snapshots which are stable enough to use .
in 1482 the order dispatched him to florence - the city of his destiny .
in the soviet years , the bolsheviks destroyed two of rostov 's most important landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral in 1908 and st george cathedral in nakhichevan in 1783-1807
he died on may 29 in madrid and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .
the miller-urey experiment demonstrated this in 1953 .
cogeneration is the use of a heat engine or power station to generate both electricity and useful heat .
on occasion a second male will be allowed into the den ; the reason for this is unknown .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript and / or css snippet that you can enable by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
here are some helpful links to get you involved .
he was the prime minister of egypt from 1945 to 1946 and from 1946 to 1948 again .
she was left behind when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland .
james i appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal in at least 1615 until his death .
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially said that he may not accept it .
later , Esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as valuable in themselves , even if Esperanto is never adopted by the united nations or other international organizations .
the dry air wrapping around the southern edge of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on september 12 .
calvin baker is an american novelist who wrote the novel midnight fire
eva anna paula braun , who died eva anna paula hitler on 6 february 1912 – 30 april 1945 was the longstanding companion and, for a brief time, wife of adolf hitler
each version of the license has a different version number .
most irc servers don't require users to register an account but a user will have to set a nickname before being connected.
that same year he also became the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york city .
summerslam 2009 is a forthcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event by world wrestling entertainment  wwe  , which will take place on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles , california .
he is usually portrayed as being bald with long whiskers and is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
some animals have chromatic response , changing color in changing environments - for example, ermine, snowshoe hare or cephalopods in their skin - more rapidly than others .
val venis won a steel cage match against rikishi to keep the wwf intercontinental championship at 14:10 venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera .
this is similar to the unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces .
he is from a musical family ; his mother was an administrative assistant and singer , and his father was a band director at yale .
the largest population of mennonites are in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states .
naas is a town in the dublin metropolitan area .
acanthopholis armor was made up of oval plates set horizontally into the skin with spikes coming out of the neck and shoulder area, as well as from the spine.
the railroad company that origin irmo was chartered on christmas eve in 1890 was in response to the opening of the columbia newberry and laurens railroad .
Conversely, bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the house of lords.
before his final release in 1474 , when he began preparations for the reconquest of wallachia , vlad lived with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital .
you can add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip, il .
bone marrow is the soft tissue found inside the bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red. This is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets.
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse department in southern france , in the area of Provence-Alpes-Côte d 'Azur .
macgruber starts asking for objects to disarm the bomb but he later gets distracted by something usually involving his personal life that causes him run out of time .
this was substantially complete when messiaen died and yvonne loriod undertook the final orchestration with advice from george benjamin .
Shi'ites consider karbala to be one of their holiest cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
the pad called for the resignation of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat .
However, travel through very remote areas, on isolated tracks, requires advance planning and a reliable vehicle--usually a four-wheel drive.
while at kahn he was chief architect for the fisher building in 1928
he excuses himself because he has to leave to rehearsal and dr. schön leaves with him .
britpop emerged from the british independent music scene in the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by british guitar pop music from the 1960s and 1970s .
this was absorbed into the battalions being formed for the xi international brigade .
the sheppard line has fewer customers than the other two subway lines and the trains are shorter .
it has a capacity of 98,772 people making it the eleventh largest stadium in the world and the largest in europe .
in december 1967 , ten boom was honored by the state of israel as one of the righteous among the nations .
Some articles are quite lengthy and full of content while others are shorter and may only be stubs - possibly of lower quality.
there are currently 95 accepted species .
eugowra is said to have been named after the australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill ."
oft-heard terms for " undies " and " movie " in english are "underwear" and "film"
jurisdiction is based on public international law , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society .
he followed this with several pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha ; the overture to the song of hiawatha ; and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is aracaju
farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade .
gumbasia was created in the style of vorkapich's kinesthetic film principles
brandon  waise lee became his idol and mk sun grew up to be a lawyer .
is an historic township located near cowra in the central west of new south wales .
donaldson enlisted in the army on june 18, 2002.
prospectors from california , europe and china were also digging in the peel river and the mountain slopes .
before the advent of the pocket calculator , calculators were the most commonly used tool for math and engineering .
the kindle 2 features a 16-level grayscale display , better battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  .
yoghurt is a dairy product that is made by bacterial fermentation of milk .
seventy-five defencemen have been inducted into the hall of fame , more than any other position currently in the nhl , while only 35 goaltenders have been honored in this way .
alternative views about the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries, but all were rejected by mainstream christian bodies.
the album was banned from many record stores nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle .
in 2004 , suleman made news headlines by cutting howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations because stern 's discussion of his upcoming move to sirius satellite radio made him too often.
The company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's did when Wendy's confirmed their IPO by March 2005, and system-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002.
captain caleb holt Kirk Cameron is a firefighter in albany, georgia and always follows the cardinal rule of all firefighters : "never leave your partner behind"
he won the election held on 2 march 2008 with a majority of the votes .
the plant is considered a rare living fossil .
she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia in 1990 .
stravinsky first thought of writing the ballet in 1913 .
the protests were suppressed across the nation.
offenbach 's numerous operettas , such as orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène were very popular in both france and the english speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s
roof tiles from the tang dynasty have been found west of the ancient city of chang an  in the modern-day city of xian .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux was born on february 13 , 1921 and died on november 11 , 1968 .
most accounts say that the instrument was nearly impossible to control .
santa maria maggiore st. mary the greater is the earliest extant church in assisi .
the observations suggest a fairly pure iron-nickel composition
railway gazette international is a monthly journal that covers the railway industry worldwide
he was appointed as a companion of honour in 1988
loèche harbours the installations of onyx , the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small folder that has a number of matches and a coarse striking surface on the outside.
she was one of the first doctors to object to smoking and drug use around children and pregnant women
defiantly she vowed to never give up the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
there is a manga series about graystripe that follows him between the time he was taken by twolegs in dawn and when he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
samovar & porter 1994 , p. 84 : Syrians didn't congregate in urban enclaves ; many of the immigrants who had been working as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis .
he was also famous for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden furniture .
she had collapsed lungs twice and pneumonia 4-5 times a year throughout her childhood .
dr. david lindenmeyer australian national university has said that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable , for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum .
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team located in montreal , quebec .
small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors
the term gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species , especially the first species described from norway by rathke in 1799 .
the wounds inflicted by a club are generally known as blunt force trauma injuries .
thereafter the county 's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has yet done a quadruple axel in competition .
from the telephone exchange , the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour of the port jackson district
even if someone goes into a mosque without intending to pray , there are still rules that apply .
it is described as a small, pointed object in the face .
computer performance is measured by how much work the computer system can do in comparison to how much time and resources are used .
some of the largest reservoirs in the world are located along the volga .
the crosier is a symbol of the monasteries of the region .
human skin tones can range from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , helped yunus with the official incorporation of the bank .
bremer said that he had plans to put saddam on trial , but didn't say what kind of trial that might be .
the all-star team is voted for by representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association .
tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan border afghanistan to the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south and the people 's republic of china to the east .
nupedia was founded on march 9 of 2000 under the ownership of bomis, inc., a web portal company.
the notable features of the design are the use of key-dependent s-boxes and a highly complex key schedule .
Iain Grieve was born on February 19, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana. He is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was independently proposed by two physicists in 1964 .
the fourth ring was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location .
west berlin had its own postal service , separate from west germany's , which issued its own postage stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting made by italian renaissance painter sandro botticelli in the 1480s .
new south wales 's largest city and capital is sydney
the polymer is most often epoxy , but other polymers , such as polyester or vinyl ester , are also sometimes used .
the name of the brand for a related digital television channel , digital radio station and website which have survived the demise of the printed magazine .
he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern italy at four and a half years old and he spent the next four years living in orphanages and roaming through towns with other homeless children .
stands eventually were added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernised .
a town can be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer has a market .
a bastion was built later on the eastern approaches .
events in europe on july 29 - the battle of stiklestad : olav haraldsson loses to his pagan vassals and is killed in the battle .
others have theorized that tresca was eliminated because of criticism of the stalin regime of the soviet union .
this led to both montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries .
use html and css markup sparingly if at all .
schuschnigg responded that reports of riots were false immediately .
addiscombe is a suburb in the london borough of croydon in the united kingdom .
depending on the context , another closely-related meaning of constituent is that of somebody who resides in the area governed , represented , or otherwise served by a politician ; sometimes this is restricted to people who voted for the politician .
prunk is a member of the institute of european history in mainz and senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn
stallingone also had a cameo appearance as a passenger in the french film taxi 3 in 2003
instead , the crew decided to shoot the scene while riding on a trailer they had made with a cantilevered arm attached to the " hovercraft " and shot it north of santa clarita
the conference papers were published in a book in the next year by phelps et al .
the wario land series is a series of platform games that started with wario land : super mario land 3
frédéric chopin 's opus 57 is a lullaby for solo piano .
these attacks may have been psychological in origin.
a historian has said that " quinine 's efficacy gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa "
furthermore , spectroscopic studies have shown that there are hydrated minerals and silicates , which indicates that the surface composition is rather stony .
she became the authoritative editor of her husband 's works for breitkopf und härtel
mercury is similar in appearance to the moon : it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains and has no natural satellites or atmosphere .
the town is located between baden and zürich in the limmat valley
these provide good habitat for chinkara hog deer and blue bull
dhaka was successively ruled by the turkish and afghan governors descending from the delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608 .
the prime minister is only in office as long as he or she remains popular with the lower house .
for rowling , this scene is important because it shows harry 's bravery and by retrieving cedric 's corpse , he demonstrates selflessness and compassion
on june 1 , 1972 , he and two other raf members were apprehended after a shootout in frankfurt .
together they formed a group committed to contemporary music in manchester .
the intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper florida keys .
now it is the site of meher baba 's samadhi and shrine as well as accommodations and facilities for pilgrims .
the collapsed dome of the main church has been restored completely
in 2005 , meissner became the second american woman to jump the triple axel in national competition .
salem is a city in essex county in the state of massachusetts .
forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been found.
saint martin is an island in the northeast Caribbean , approximately 300 kilometers east of puerto rico
therefore, these pdfs cannot be distributed without further editing if they contain images .
in april 1862 , ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger for being part of an armed robbery that took place while he was with british bobby frank gardiner .
heavy rain fell across portions of the uk on october 5 , causing localized accumulation of flood waters .
usb installer provides a usb to create a live usb where the user 's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired .
in approximate relation to the parties ' strengths in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : the free democratic party  fdp  : 2 members , the christian democratic people 's party  cvp  : 2 members , the social democratic party  sp  : 2 members , and the swiss people 's party  svp  : 1 member .
a fee is the price one pays for services , such as the fee paid to a doctor or lawyer .
ohio state library system encompasses 21 libraries located on its columbus campus .
other developments included both iceland and greenland saying that they were okay with being under the rule of Norway but Scotland was able to keep a norse invasion at bay and reach a good peace settlement .
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " can't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in april 2000 , minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence .
the body color can be medium brown to gold-ish or a light beige; and sometimes there are dark brown spots on the limbs .
the britannica is primarily a british enterprise , as it is symbolized by its thistle logo .
the area covered by the warning issued on september 22 was extended southwards as jose intensified before it was canceled soon after landfall on september 23.
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune alleged that marines and their commanders confirmed the use of the british mark 77 firebomb on iraqi republican guards during the initial stages of combat .
the later provided audiences with information about the film that was later provided by subtitles and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like .
that is because real estate , businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can not be used as collateral to get money to finance industrial and commercial expansion .
he ran away from sydney cove several times before he was shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan ordered the police to surrender .
before the second game got underway the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance had not been up to the usual promotional standard of veeck
in a video promoting the charity equality now, joss whedon confirmed that "fray is not done, fray is coming back."
a mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics
the sat reasoning test is a standardized test for college admission in the united states .
the civil unrest in northern italy led to the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder - songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants .
some reports say that both paralysis and hallucinations are more likely when certain factors are present .
his sentence was to be transported to australia for seven years .
waugh writes that when charles met sebastian in those days he was looking for love and found " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " .
her infamous friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also an important factor in her life .
the term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are located towards or grow off the side of an animal .
after mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and that they might be composed of a single type of very large molecule , berzelius coined the term " protein "
after the jerilderie raid , the gang hid for 16 months avoiding capture .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern france .
the color ranges from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 an extension was added to the station , curving north from union station and going under university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street where it turned west to terminate at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 a part of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed through the western side of the simpson desert
it is located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of having arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death .
as the largest sub-region of mesoamerica , it included a vast and varied landscape from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google subsequently made the comic available on google books and their website .
anyone may register a pedigree with the college , where they are carefully audited and require official proofs before they are changed
the book , political economy , was published in 1985 but did not gain a lot of classroom adoption .
he toured with the ipo in 1990 and 1994 for their first ever performance in the soviet union .
napoleon's wars : austrian general mack surrenders his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm , gaining over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers
it is the economic center of northern nigeria and a center for the production and export of groundnuts .
a majority of south indians speak a language from the dravidian family .
meteora was awarded multiple awards and honors .
after a brief stand-off , the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked kane and jericho .
most of the songs written by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman were .
in the 5th century slavs started to move into the area .
from 1900 to 1920 many new facilities were built on campus , including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs , a chemistry building , a building for the natural sciences , hill auditorium , a large hospital and library complexes , and two residence halls .
winchester is a city in scott county in the state of illinois , in the united states of america
name arzashkun seems to be the assyrian form of an armenian name that ends in -ka, formed from the proper name arzash, which recalls the name arsene, arsissa, applied by the ancients to part of lake van.
she was chosen out of 16,421 participants in the national casting to appear on the tv show .
the show was broadcast on the abc network from its debut on september 21 1993 to march 1 2005 .
the latter can then be designed and used in less stringent environments .
gimnasia hired francisco maturana and then julio césar falcioni, but both of them had limited success.
brighton is located in washington county in iowa .
furthermore , she has made several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem
on june 24 1979 the town of glinde received its charter .
pauline came back in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 and later in 2006 in mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis .
the vagina is remarkably elastic and stretches to many times its normal size during vaginal birth .
his date of birth was never recorded , but it is believed to be a year between 1935 and 1939
this quantitative measure indicates how much of a given substance or drug needs to inhibit a biological process by half .
although the name suggests that the are located in the bernese Oberland region of the canton of Bern , portions of the Bernese Alps are in the adjacent cantons of Valais , Lucerne , Obwalden , Fribourg and Vaud .
there he had one daughter to ann e power .
during an interview , edward gorey mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists and lamented the fact that not many people knew or remembered this fine artist .
the string can vibrate in different modes just like a guitar string can produce different notes , and every mode will show up as a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable also earned an academy award nomination when he portrayed fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .
