One side of the armed conflicts are composed of the sudanese military and the janjaweed, a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region.
Mecca is Islam's holiest city, and Muslims are obligated to visit it at least once in their lifetime.
The great dark spot is thought to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune.
His next work is Saturday, following an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord and, attaching it to the ball, crawled away fast to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength.
He died six weeks later, on January 888.
They are similar to the coastal people of Papua New Guinea.
The recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal has also been given the Colin Mears Award since 2000.
Following the drummers are dancers who often play the sogo and tend to have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography.
The spacecraft has two main elements - the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe.
Alessandro "Sandro" Mazzola (born 8 November 1942) is an Italian former football player.
It was initially thought that debris from the collision filled in the smaller craters.
Graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943, when he graduated with a B.A. in Anthropology.
However, the bzö differs a bit in comparison to the freedom party, as it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty but against an eu-withdrawal.
Many species had vanished by the end of the nineteenth century as a result of european settlement.
In 1987, Laurie Anderson was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame.
Dextromethorphan is a white powder in its pure form.
Admission to tsinghua is very competitive.
Today, nrc is an independent, private foundation.
it is located on the coast of the Baltic Sea, enclosing the city of Stralsund.
He was also named 1982 "sportsman of the year" by sports illustrated.
fives is a sport believed to have originated from the same origins as racquet sports.
For example, King Bhumibol was born on Monday, so throughout Thailand, on his birthday, everything will be decorated in yellow.
both names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland.
Although Tagore emulated numerous styles, he most notably emulated craftwork from northern new ireland, haida carvings from the west coast of canada, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
on October 14, 1960, presidential candidate John F. Kennedy proposed the concept of what became the peace corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She performed for president Reagan in 1988.
Perry Saturn with Terri defeated Eddie Guerrero with Chyna to win the WWF European Championship at 8:10. Saturn pinned Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
She remained in the United States until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France.
despina was discovered in late July 1989 from the images taken by the Voyager 2 probe.
The first Italian Grand Prix Motor Racing Championship took place on 4 September 1921 at Brescia.
He also completed two collections of short stories: Ribbajack & Other Curious Yarns and Seven Strange and Ghostly Tales.
Ophelia is seen as an elongated object, with the major axis pointing towards Uranus.
the british decided to eliminate him and take the land by force.
Some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia, between the south australian border almost as far as Caiguna, do not follow official western australian time.
Pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays in architectural decoration.
Besides Palos Verdes, other incorporated cities on the peninsula include Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates and Rolling Hills.
Clank asks Ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain Qwark in order to stop drek.
It is not actually a true louse.
He advocates for applying user-centered design in product development cycles and also working towards popularizing interaction design as a mainstream discipline.
It is theoretically possible that the other editors who reported you and the administrator who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away.
Working Group I assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The island chain is part of the hebrides, separated from the mainland and the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch, the little minch and the sea of the hebrides.
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on July 12, 2008.
Minor planet designations are numbered name combinations overseen by the minor planet center.
By early September, wind shear had increased and a weakening trend had begun.
Each entry has a datum which is a copy of the datum in some backing store.
as a result, both men and women must adhere to these guidelines when attending a mosque.
mariel of redwall is a novel by brian jacques, published in 1991.
Ryan Prosser was born on July 10th, 1988 and is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
It consists of four reports: three from its working groups.
Their granddaughter, hélène langevin-joliot, is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris, and their grandson, pierre joliot, is a noted biochemist.
This stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of Queen Victoria's reign.
The international fight league was an American MMA promotion billed as the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia is synonymous with lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonizes and reproduces in the small intestine, causing giardiasis.
aside from this , cameron has often worked in christian-themed productions, such as the post-rapture films left behind: left behind ii: tribulation force, and left behind: world at war, in which he plays cameron "buck" williams.
This was the area east of the mouth of the Vistula River.
after graduating, he returned to yerevan and taught at the local conservatory. Later he was appointed artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in Matthew and Luke.
Weelkes was later to find himself in trouble with the cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behaviour.
So far, the 'celebrity' episodes have included Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gabby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady, and Lee Ryan.
It was discovered by Stephen P. Synnott in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5, 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter.
gomaespuma was a spanish radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
The official release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website on June 16, 2009.
He is also a member of another boyband, 183 club.
The apostolic tradition, attributed to the theologian Hippolytus, attests the singing of Hosannas with Alleluia as the refrain during early Christian Agape feasts.
Rollo swore fealty to Charles and converted to Christianity in return. He undertook to defend the Northern region of France against the incursions of other Viking groups.
Voice of America is a special English station.
Disney was given a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones, given to him by 10-year-old child actress Shirley Temple.
It was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft.
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden.
It is still known as the Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
This leads to consumer confusion when 220,000,000 bytes is referenced as 1 MB instead of 1 MB.
the incident has been the subject of numerous reports about ethics in scholarship.
They are castrated in order to make the animal more docile or to put on weight more quickly.
Seventh sons have specific magical abilities, and seventh sons of seventh sons are both extraordinarily rare and powerful.
Passmark Software conducted benchmarking and found that the 2009 version had a 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7mb memory utilization.
volterra is in the tuscany region of Italy.
Historically, itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other.
The tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous. This aids in catching ants and termites.
the tram derailed on 30 may 2006 at starr gate loop during the previous trials.
statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson are located outside the ground.
take the square root of the variance.
Volunteers provided food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium.
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the pays-de-la-loire region of france.
If there are no strong land use controls, buildings are built along a bypass which in turn becomes an ordinary town road. If this bypass becomes congested, it was originally intended to avoid this.
Cooktown is also a starting point for people wanting to explore the atherton tableland and cape york peninsula.
Bruises often cause pain, but they are not normally dangerous.
None of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, vandals, or anyone else connected with wikipedia can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages.
George Frideric Handel also served as Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover who eventually became George I of Great Britain.
their eyes are small, and their visual acuity is poor.
Chitin is rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by.
Oregano is a key ingredient in Greek cuisine.
Tickets for national rail services, the docklands light railway, and oyster card can all be retailed.
These works were produced and published by himself, while his woodcuts were mostly commissioned work.
The historical method entails techniques and guidelines used by historians in order to research and write history.
The weight of the continental icecap is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration.
As of 2000, the population was 89,148.
Aliteracy is the state of being able to read, but not being interested in it.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid that is used as a pharmaceutical.
it will then dislodge itself and sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
Furthermore, research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, and care about.
Today, landis ' father has become a hearty supporter of his son and regards himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans.
shortly after attaining category 4 status, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
The equilibrium wage for a certain type of labor is the price.
They convinced themselves that the grounds were haunted, so they published their findings in a book under the pseudonyms of Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He settled in London, and devoted himself chiefly to teaching practical skills.
brunstad has several restaurants, including a fast food restaurant, cafeteria-style restaurant, coffee bar, and its own grocery store.
He left a detachment of troops to garrison the newly conquered region.
In 1438 trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church, and thenceforth its history merges first with that of the states of the church, then with the united kingdom of italy.
The depression moved inland on the 20th and dissipated over Brazil the next day.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in New York City from 1952 to 1995.
The current lineup of the band is flynn vocals, guitar, duce bass, phil demmel guitar, and dave mcclain drums.
Countries with a minority muslim population are more likely to use mosques to promote civic participation.
The characters are continuations of their earlier characters, Pete and Dud.
Johan was also the original bassist for Swedish power metal band hammerfall, but quit before they released a studio album.
In 1998, Culver ran for Iowa Secretary of State and won.
In 1990, mark Messier took the hart over Ray Bourque by a margin of two votes.
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he defies that law.
The female equivalent is a daughter.
He was diagnosed with inoperable cancer in April of 1999.
Before the arrival of the storm, the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds.
Speed chess is the form of chess played where each competitor has a total of twelve minutes.
The Amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre.
Damage was seen up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as West Virginia.
These computers are metaphorically compared to zombies because the owner is unaware.
The wave traveled across the Atlantic, and formed a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13th.
For example, the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated annually.
The four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew, gospel of mark, gospel of luke, and gospel of john.
Schielebrunn is well-known for its furniture manufacturing industry since the 19th century.
The upper half of the flag also resembles the coat of arms of the former district Oberbarnim.
Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane.
Their participation is limited until they reach legal adulthood.
Development releases are rare, but there are often snapshots which are stable.
Finally in 1482, the order dispatched him to Florence, the ‘city of his destiny’.
In Soviet years, the Bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov's principal landmarks- St. Alexander Nevsky Cathedral, built in 1908, and St. George Cathedral in Nakhichevan, built in 1783-1807.
He died on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the Church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
The miller-urey experiment was demonstrated in 1953 by Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey.
cogeneration is the use of a heat engine or a power station to generate electricity and useful heat.
On occasion, a second male will be allowed into the den; the reason for this is unclear.
A wikipedia gadget is a javascript or css snippet that can be enabled simply by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences.
Here are some useful links to help you get involved.
He served as the prime minister of Egypt between 1945 and 1948.
she was left behind and explanations for her absence vary.
James I appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal in 1615.
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially indicated that he may not take it.
Later, Esperantists began to see the language and culture around Esperanto as ends in themselves, even if Esperanto is never adopted by the United Nations or other international organizations.
The dry air around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on September 12.
Calvin baker is an American novelist.
Eva Braun, died Eva Anna Paula Braun on February 6, 1912 and April 30, 1945 was the longtime companion and wife of Adolf Hitler.
The license has a different version number.
Most irc servers do not require users to register an account, but a user will have to set a nickname before being connected.
That same year, he also received a mechanics certificate, becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
Summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), which will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
He is usually portrayed as being bald, with long whiskers.
Some animals have chromatic response, changing color in changing environments. The cephalopod family is an example.
val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the wwf intercontinental championship at 14:10 venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera.
This resembles the Unix philosophy of having multiple programs that do one thing well and working together over universal interfaces.
He is from a musical family; his mother, Larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale.
The largest populations of mennonites are found in canada, democratic republic of congo, and the united states. Mennonites can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents.
naas is a major suburban town in Dublin, with many people living there and working in Dublin.
acanthopholis' armour consisted of oval plates that were set almost horizontally into the skin, with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area, along the spine.
The origin of irmo was chartered on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia, newberry and laurens railroad.
Bills proposed by the law commission usually start in the House of Lords.
In the years before his final release, Vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital.
You can add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text, to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version.
He is buried in the restvale cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is the flexible tissue found in the hollow interior of bones.
reflection nebulae are usually blue because blue light is scattered more efficiently than red light.
Monteux is a commune in the vaucluse département in southern France, in the area Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur.
macgruber starts asking for simple objects to defuse the bomb, but is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life.
This work was substantially complete when Messiaen died, and Yvonne Loriod undertook the final movement's orchestration with advice from George Benjamin.
Shi'ites, or Muslims, consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities.
The pad called for the resignation of the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat, who it accused of being proxies for Thaksin.
Travelling through remote areas requires advance planning and a suitable, reliable vehicle.
Kahn was the chief architect for the fisher building in 1928.
He excuses himself and Dr. Schön leaves.
britpop emerged from the British independent music scene in the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
This was absorbed into battalions being formed for the Xi International Brigade.
The sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines and shorter trains are run.
The stadium has a capacity of 98,772 people.
in December of 1967, ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of Israel.
Some articles are long and rich in content while others are shorter and of lesser quality.
There are currently 95 accepted species.
Eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
Terms such as " undies " and " movie " are often heard in English.
Jurisdiction is based on public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government.
He followed this with a few pieces about Hiawatha: The Death of Minnehaha, Overture to the Song of Hiawatha, and Hiawatha's Departure.
The capital of the state is Aracaju.
Despite this, farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
gumbasia was created in a kinesthetic style taught by Vorkapich called "film principles".
Brandon Waise Lee became his idol, and MK Sun grew up to be a lawyer.
ISBN 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near Cowra in the Central West of New South Wales, Australia in Cabonne Shire.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian army on June 18th, 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China were also digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
Before the invention of the pocket calculator, it was the most commonly used calculation tool.
The Kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, 20% faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud, and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches.
Yogurt is a dairy product.
Seventy-five defensemen are in the hall of fame, more than any other current position.
Alternative views have been proposed throughout the centuries, but all were rejected by mainstream christian bodies.
the album was banned from many record stores nationwide.
The legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
In 2004, Suleman made headlines by cutting Howard Stern's radio show from four stations.
The company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's "Wendy's Confirms Tim Hortons IPO by March", Ottawa Business Journal, December 1, 2005.
Caleb Holt, Kirk Cameron, and is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia, and strictly keeps the cardinal rule of all firefighters, "never leave your partner behind."
He won the presidential election on 2 march 2008 with 71.25% of the popular vote.
The plant is considered a living fossil.
in 1990, she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia.
The ballet, "The Nutcracker," was initially conceived of by Igor Stravinsky in 1913.
Protests were suppressed.
Offenbach's numerous operettas, such as Orpheus in the Underworld, and La belle Hélène were extremely popular in both France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles from the Tang Dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of Chang'an (modern-day Xi'an) .
Jeanne Marie Madeleine Demessieux was an organist, pianist, composer and pedagogue who was born on February 13, 1921 and died on November 11, 1968.
The instrument was difficult to control by most accounts.
Santa Maria Maggiore, the earliest extant church in Assisi.
The characteristics of radar observations indicate a fairly pure iron-nickel composition.
railway gazette international is a business journal that covers the railway, metro, light rail, and tram industries worldwide.
He was appointed companion of honour in 1988.
Loèche harbours the interception installations of onyx, a Swiss electronic intelligence gathering system.
A matchbook is a small folder that contains matches and has a rough surface on the outside.
She was one of the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking and drug use around children and pregnant women.
She vowed never to renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
There is a three volume manga series following graystripe, between the time he was taken by twolegs in dawn and when he returned to thunderclan in the sight.
Peddlers did not congregate in urban enclaves; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis.
He was also famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
during childhood she had collapsed lungs twice, she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year, and had a tonsillar cyst.
dr. david lindenmeyer from australian national university has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable, for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater's possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team from Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits.
The wood-boring species, Limnoria lignorum, was originally called "gribble."
Bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries are inflicted by a club.
After that, the county's administration was conducted at Duns or Lauder until Greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
no skater has yet performed a quadruple axel in competition.
The port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations from the telephone exchange.
Even if someone enters a mosque without the intention of praying, there are still rules that apply.
The creature is described as having a pointed face and being about the size of a rabbit.
computer performance is measured by how much work is done in comparison to how much time and resources were used.
Some of the largest reservoirs in the world are located along the Volga.
The crosier symbolizes the monasteries in the region.
Human skin can have a range of shades from very dark brown to very pale pink.
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in Chicago, helped Yunus with the official incorporation of the bank.
bremer reported plans to put saddam on trial, but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined.
Professional hockey writers vote for the all-star team.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, Afghanistan, Iran, Pakistan and China all border each other.
nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000, by bomis, inc.
The notable features of the design include key-dependent s-boxes and a highly complex key schedule.
iain grieve was born on February 19, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana. He is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Pont-bellanger and beaumesnil are nearby settlements.
The quark model was independently proposed by Murray Gell-Man and George Zweig in 1964.
The fourth ring was decorated with golden garlands in 1938.
west berlin had its own postal service which issued its own postage stamps until 1990.
The painting "Primavera" by Sandro Botticelli is from the Italian Renaissance.
Sydney is new south wales ' largest city and capital.
Polymer is most often epoxy, but other polymers, such as polyester, vinyl ester or nylon, are also sometimes used.
The name of the magazine survives as a brand for related digital platforms.
After four-and-a-half years of being left on the streets of northern Italy, he was left to fend for himself at the age of four-and-a-half.
Goals were eventually added behind each set of stands during the 1980s and 1990s.
A town with market rights may still be correctly described as a market town, even if it no longer holds a market.
An outpost was built later on the eastern approaches.
On July 29, 1940, the Battle of Stiklestad took place in Norway between the Norwegian forces loyal to King Olav Haraldsson and the pagan vassals of King Harold II of England.
Others have theorized that the NKVD eliminated tresca as retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union.
This led to both Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries.
Use HTML and CSS markup sparingly and only with good reason.
After schuschnigg's response was published, he said that riots were not true.
addiscombe is a suburb in the London Borough of Croydon.
Depending on the context, another closely-related meaning of constituent is a citizen residing in the area governed, represented, or otherwise served by a politician.
prunk is a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn.
In 2003, Stallone had a cameo appearance in the french film taxi 3 as a passenger.
instead, the crew shot the scene on a trailer towed by the "hovercraft" while riding up templin highway north of santa clarita.
The conference papers were published the next year in a book, microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory, by Phelps, et al.
Wario Land is a platforming series that started with Wario Land : Super Mario Land 3.
Frederic Chopin's opus 57 is a lullaby for solo piano.
These attacks could be psychological in origin.
A historian has stated that " quinine 's efficacy gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa ".
Furthermore, spectroscopic studies have shown that there is evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, which suggests a rocky surface composition.
She became the authoritative editor of her husband's works.
Mercury is similar in appearance to the moon; it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains, has no natural satellites, and no substantial atmosphere.
The town is located in the limmat valley between Baden and Zurich.
These habitats are ideal for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull.
Dhaka was successively ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors descending from the Delhi Sultanate before the arrival of the Mughals in 1608.
The prime minister is in office as long as they have the support of the lower house.
This scene is important for Rowling because it shows Harry's bravery and by retrieving Cedric's corpse, he demonstrates selflessness and compassion.
On June 1, 1972, he and fellow raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were apprehended after a shootout in Frankfurt.
together they formed new music manchester, a group committed to contemporary music.
The intense hurricane caused severe damage in the upper florida keys, with a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet.
The site now houses meher baba's samadhi tomb-shrine as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
The collapsed dome of the main church has been restored.
in 2005, meissner became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition.
Salem is a city in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States.
Forty-nine pipefish and nine seahorse species have been recorded.
Saint Martin is an island in the northeast Caribbean, approximately 300 kilometers east of Puerto Rico.
Therefore, these pdfs cannot be distributed with images.
Ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger in april 1862 for participating in an armed robbery.
Heavy rain fell on October 5, causing localized accumulation of flood waters.
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb, where the user's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired.
The seats were distributed in relation to the parties' respective strengths in the federal assembly: the free democratic party (fdp): 2 members, the christian democratic people's party (cvp): 2 members, the social democratic party (sp): 2 members, and the swiss people's party (svp): 1 member.
A fee is the price one pays for services, such as a doctor's honorarium.
Ohio State's library system encompasses twenty-one libraries.
Both Iceland and Greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway, but Scotland was able to repulse a Norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement.
the singles from the album included " by the way ", " the zephyr song ", " ca n't stop ", " dosed ", and " universally speaking ".
In April 2000, minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence. However, by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities, and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists.
The body has a variety of colors: medium brown, gold-ish, and beige-white; and occasionally, dark brown spots are seen, especially on the limbs.
The britannica was originally Scottish, as indicated by its thistle logo.
The warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards as Jose intensified, before being canceled soon after landfall on September 23.
in august 2003, the san diego union tribune alleged that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat.
The intertitles provided audiences with the sort of information later provided by intertitles.
That is because assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as collateral.
He bolted from Sydney Cove several times before being shot dead in 1796.
ned and dan ordered the police to surrender.
Before the second game got underway, the press agreed that the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance had not been up to veeck's usual promotional standard.
In a short video promoting the charity Equality Now, Joss Whedon confirmed that " Fray is not done, Fray is coming back."
A mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
The civil unrest in northern Italy spawned the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder, penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants.
Reports state that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations.
His sentence was transportation to Australia for seven years.
waugh writes that charles had been " looking for love " when he first met sebastian , finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " .
Her infamous friendship with the russian mystic, Grigori Rasputin, was also an important factor in her life.
dorsal refers to anatomical structures situated towards or growing off that side of an animal.
The term "protein" was coined by Berzelius after Mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of large molecule.
After the Jerilderie raid, the gang went into hiding for 16 months before being captured.
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern France.
The color ranges from orange to pale yellow.
In 1963 an extension was added, curving north from union station, below university avenue and queen's park to near bloor street, where it turned west to terminate at st. george and bloor streets.
A section of the Commonwealth Railways Central Australian Line passed through the Simpson Desert before 1980.
The village is located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy often have arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death.
Mesoamerica is the largest sub-region in the Americas, and it encompassed a vast and varied landscape.
Google made the comic available on Google Books and their site.
Anyone can register a pedigree with the college, where they are audited and require official proofs before being altered.
The book, political economy, was published in 1985 but had limited classroom adoption.
He toured with the ipo in 1990 and 1994.
The Austrians surrendered to Napoleon at Ulm, resulting in over 30,000 prisoners and 10,000 casualties on the losers.
It has been the economic center of north Nigeria for a long time, and is known for the production and export of groundnuts.
A majority of south Indians speak one of the five dravidian languages.
meteora earned the band many awards and honors.
After a brief stand-off, the WWF Cavalry turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho.
Most of the songs were written by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman.
In the 5th century, Slavs started to move into the area.
Facilities were built on campus from 1900 to 1920.
Winchester is a city in Scott County, Illinois, United States.
name arzashkun seems to be the Assyrian form of an Armenian name that ends in -ka, recalling the name arsene, arsissa, applied by the ancients to part of Lake Van.
She was chosen out of 16,421 participants in the national casting to appear on the tv show.
ABC aired its episodes from September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
The latter device can be designed and used in less stringent environments.
gimnasia hired Francisco Maturana and Julio César Falcioni, but both had limited success.
Brighton is a city located in Washington County, Iowa, in the United States.
furthermore, she has appeared in several music videos, including "it girl" by john oates and "just lose it" by eminem.
On June 24, 1979, the 750th anniversary of the village of Glinde, Glinde received its town charter.
Pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994, and later mario vs. donkey kong 2: march of the minis in 2006.
The vagina stretches to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth.
his date of birth was never recorded, but it is believed to be around 1935-1939
This quantitative measure indicates how much of a given drug or other substance inhibits a given biological process or component by half.
although the name suggests that the Bernese Alps are their location, portions of the Bernese Alps are located in adjacent cantons of Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg and Vaud.
he had one daughter, later baptized as Mary Ann Fisher Power, to Ann Powers.
In an interview, Edward Gorey mentioned that Bawden was one of his favorite artists, lamenting the fact that not many people remembered or knew about him.
The string can vibrate in different modes, and every mode appears as a different particle.
gable also received an academy award nomination when he portrayed fletcher christian in 1935's mutiny on the bounty.
