One side of the armed conflicts in Sudan is composed mainly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed, a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region.
Mecca is Islam's holiest city and is able-bodied muslims are required to visit at least once in their lifetime.
The great dark spot on Neptune is thought to represent a hole in the methane cloud deck.
His next work, Saturday, follows an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord and, attaching it to the ball, crawled away fast to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength.
He died six weeks later, on January 888.
The coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea are culturally akin to the people of the United States.
Since 2000, the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been presented with the colin mears award.
Dancers follow the drummers, who often play the sogo and tend to have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography.
The spacecraft consists of two main elements: the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe.
Alessandro "Sandro" Mazzola was born on November 8th, 1942.
It was originally thought that debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters.
Graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943 and graduated with a Bachelor of Anthropology in 1943.
However, the bzö differs a bit in comparison to the freedom party, as it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty but against an eu-withdrawal.
Many species had vanished by the end of the nineteenth century as European settlement increased.
in 1987, Wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame.
Dextromethorphan is present as a white powder in its pure form.
Admission to Tsinghua University is very competitive.
Today, NRC is an independent, private foundation.
It is situated on the coast of the Baltic Sea, enclosing the city of Stralsund.
He was also named 1982 "sportsman of the year" by sports illustrated.
fives is a British sport that is believed to originate from the same origins as many racquet sports.
King Bhumibol was born on Monday, so throughout Thailand, people will decorate themselves with yellow on his birthday.
The two names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland.
Tagore emulated a variety of styles, including craftwork from northern new ireland, haida carvings from the west coast of canada, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
John F. Kennedy proposed the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union on October 14, 1960.
She performed for president Reagan in 1988.
Perry Saturn defeated Eddie Guerrero with Chyna to win the WWF European Championship at 8:10.
She remained in the United States until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France.
despina was discovered by the Voyager 2 probe in late july, 1989.
The first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship took place on 4 September 1921 at Brescia.
He also completed two collections of short stories, the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales.
Ophelia appears as an elongated object, pointing towards Uranus.
The British decided to eliminate him and take the land by force.
Some towns in the south-east corner of western australia do not follow official western australian time.
Pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays in architectural decoration.
The other incorporated cities on the palos verdes peninsula are rancho palos verdes, rolling hills estates and rolling hills.
Clank fears that drek will destroy the galaxy, and asks Ratchet to help him find the famous superhero Captain Qwark, in an effort to stop drek.
It is not actually a true louse.
He advocates for applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also works to popularize interaction design as a mainstream discipline.
It is theoretically possible that the other editors who reported you and the administrator who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away.
Working group i assesses climate system and climate change.
The island chain forms part of the Hebrides, separated from the Scottish mainland and the Inner Hebrides by the stormy waters of the Minch, the Little Minch and the Sea of the Hebrides.
Orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on July 12, 2008.
Minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the minor planet center.
Wind shear began to dramatically increase on September 30th, and a weakening trend began on that date.
Each entry has a datum, which is a copy of the datum in some backing store.
Although many mosques will not enforce violations, both men and women must adhere to these guidelines when attending a mosque.
Mariel of Redwall is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques, published in 1991.
Ryan Prosser was born on 10 July 1988 and is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
The four reports in the like previous assessment report are from its working groups.
Their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris, and their grandson pierre joliot, who was named after pierre curie, is a noted biochemist.
This stamp remained the standard letter stamp during Victoria's reign and a vast quantity was printed.
The international fight league was an American mixed martial arts promotion billed as the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia is synonymous with lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonizes and reproduces in the small intestine, causing giardiasis.
Aside from this, Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions, including Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War, in which he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
This area east of the mouth of the Vistula River was later sometimes called "Prussia Proper".
After graduating from college, he returned to Yerevan to teach at the local conservatory. Later, he was appointed artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of Matthew and the gospel of Luke.
Weelkes was later to find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behaviour.
So far, ' Celebrity' episodes have included Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady, and Lee Ryan.
It was discovered by Stephen P. Synnott in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5, 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter.
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
On 16 june 2009, the official release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website.
He is also a member of the 183 Club.
The apostolic tradition, attributed to theologian hippolytus, attests the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early Christian agape feasts.
Rollo swore fealty to Charles in return for protection of the northern region of France from incursions by other Viking groups.
"it is derived from voice of america voa special english"
Disney received a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones, presented to him by 10-year-old child actress Shirley Temple.
It was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft.
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.
It continues to be the Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
When 220,000,000 bytes is referenced as 1mb, people might get confused and think it is 1mb instead of 1mb.
The incident has been the subject of numerous reports on ethics in scholarship.
Castrated animals are used for different reasons.
Seventh sons have strong "knacks" that are specific magical abilities, and seventh sons of seventh sons are both extraordinarily rare and powerful.
Benchmarking conducted by Passmark Software highlighted the 2009 version's 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 mb memory utilization.
volterra is a town in Tuscany, Italy.
Historically, itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other. However, recently it was found that itch has several features in common with pain, but exhibits notable differences.
The tongue is sticky because of glycoprotein-rich mucous, which aids in movement and catches ants and termites.
The tram that derailed in 2006 at Starr Gate Loop had the same manufacturer and model.
There are statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, both former Ipswich Town and England managers, outside the ground.
Take the square root of the variance.
Volunteers provided food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium.
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the pays-de-la-loire region of northwestern france.
If there are no strong land use controls, buildings will be built along a bypass. This will eventually become an ordinary town road and the bypass may become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid.
It is also a starting point for people wanting to explore Cooktown, the Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises often cause pain, but they are not normally dangerous.
Wikipedia cannot be held responsible for the information contained within or linked to these pages.
George Frideric Handel also served as Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover who eventually became George I of Great Britain.
They have small eyes and poor vision.
Chitin is rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by silk.
Oregano is an essential ingredient in greek cuisine.
Tickets for national rail services, the docklands light railway and oyster card can be retailed.
While his woodcuts were mostly commissioned, he produced and published these works himself.
The historical method comprises the techniques and guidelines historians use to research and write history.
The sheer weight of the continental icecap is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration.
As of 2000, the population was 89,148.
Aliteracy is the state of being able to read, but not being interested in doing so.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound used as a pharmaceutical.
The animal will then dislodge itself and sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
Furthermore, research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, and/or care about.
Today, landis ' father has become a staunch supporter of his son and regards himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans.
shortly after attaining category 4 status, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
The equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage.
The researchers were convinced that the grounds were haunted and decided to publish their findings in a book under the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont.
He settled in London and devoted himself chiefly to practical teaching.
brunstad has several restaurants, including a fast food restaurant, a cafeteria-style restaurant, coffee bar, and its own grocery store.
He left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region.
In 1438, Trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of Perugia.
The depression moved inland on the 20th and dissipated the next day in Brazil.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in New York City from 1952 to 1995.
The current lineup of the band includes Flynn, Duce, Phil Demmel, Dave MacClain.
Countries with a minority muslim population are more likely to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation.
The characters are extensions of their earlier characters, Pete and Dud.
Johan was also the original bassist of the swedish power metal band Hammerfall, but quit before the band ever released a studio album.
Culver ran for Iowa Secretary of State in 1998 and was victorious.
In 1990, mark messier took the Hart over Ray Bourque by a margin of two votes.
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he defies a law. This initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony's home, forcing their premature migration, and his separation from them.
The female equivalent of a son is a daughter.
He was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April of 1999.
Prior to the arrival of Hurricane Matthew, the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the Outer Banks.
Speed chess is played in which each competitor has a total of twelve minutes.
The amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason.
Damage was extensive up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as West Virginia.
Because the owner is unaware, these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies.
The wave traveled across the Atlantic, and organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
For example, the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated annually.
The four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew, gospel of mark, gospel of luke, and gospel of john.
Since the end of the 19th century, eschelbronn is well known for its furniture manufacturing industry.
The upper half of the garment also resembles the coat of arms of the former district of Oberbarnim.
Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane.
Their participation is limited until they reach legal adulthood.
Development stable releases are rare, but there are often subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use.
In 1482, the order dispatched him to Florence, the "city of his destiny."
In the Soviet years, the Bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov's principal landmarks - St. Alexander Nevsky Cathedral in 1908 and St. George Cathedral in Nakhichevan in 1783-1807.
He died on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the Church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
The miller-urey experiment was conducted by Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey in 1953.
cogeneration is the use of a heat engine or a power station to simultaneously generate both electricity and useful heat.
On occasion, a second male will be allowed into the den; the reason for this is unclear.
A wikipedia gadget is a javascript and/or css snippet that can be enabled in your wikipedia preferences.
These links will help you get involved.
He served as the prime minister of Egypt twice.
Nicoleños who were left behind had varying explanations for this.
James I appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal in 1615.
Chauvin initially indicated that he may not accept his award.
Later, esperanto speakers began to see the language and culture around it as ends in themselves, even if esperanto is never adopted by the united nations or other international organizations.
By early on September 12, dry air had eroded most of the deep convection.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Braun, died Eva Anna Paula Braun on 6 February 1912 and Adolf Hitler, on 30 April 1945, was her longtime companion and, for a brief time, wife.
Each license has a distinguishing version number.
Most IRC servers do not require users to register an account, but a user will have to set a nickname before being connected.
In the same year, he also received a mechanics certificate.
Summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment, which will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
He is usually portrayed as being bald and having long whiskers.
Some animals, such as the far more rapidly with chromatophores in their integument cephalopod family , change color in changing environments
val venis retained the wwf intercontinental championship by defeating rikishi in a steel cage match at 14:10.
This philosophy closely resembles the unix philosophy of having multiple programs that do one thing well and work together over universal interfaces.
He is from a musical family ; his mother Larue is an administrative assistant and singer, and his father Keith Brion is a band director at Yale.
Mennonites can be found in at least 51 countries, but the largest populations are in Canada, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and the United States.
naas is a major "Dublin suburb" town, with many people living there and working in Dublin.
acanthopholis's armour consisted of oval plates that are set almost horizontally into the skin, with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area, along the spine.
Origin-irmo was chartered on Christmas Eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad.
Bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the house of lords.
In the years before his final release, Vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital.
You may add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version.
He is interred in the restvale cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is the flexible tissue found inside bones.
Reflection nebulae are blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red.
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse département in southern france.
Macgruber starts asking for simple objects to make something to defuse the bomb, but later gets distracted by something involving his personal life.
The orchestration of this work was substantially complete when Messiaen died, and Yvonne Loriod undertook the final movement with advice from George Benjamin.
Shi'ites consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem and Najaf.
The pad called for the resignation of the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat, accusing them of being proxies for Thaksin.
Travelling through very remote areas requires advance planning and a suitable vehicle.
Kahn was chief architect for the fisher building in 1928.
He excuses himself and Dr. Schön leaves.
Britpop emerged from the british independent music scene in the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
This was absorbed into battalions being formed for the Xi International Brigade.
The sheppard line currently has fewer users than the other two subway lines and shorter trains are run.
The stadium has a capacity of 98,772 people.
In December of 1967, ten Boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of Israel.
Some articles are longer and richer in content than others.
There are currently 95 species accepted.
Eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word " eugowra ", meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill ".
Terms such as " undies " and " movie " are often heard in English.
Jurisdiction is based on public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government.
He followed this with several pieces about Hiawatha: The Death of Minnehaha, Overture to the Song of Hiawatha, and Hiawatha's Departure.
The capital of the state is Aracaju.
Despite this, Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
gumbasia was created in the style of Vorkapich, who taught kinesthetic film principles.
Brandon Waise Lee became his idol and MK Sun grew up to be a lawyer.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near cowra in the central west of New South Wales, Australia in the Cabonne Shire.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian army on 18 June 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China were also digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
pocket calculators were the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering prior to the advent of the.
The Kindle 2 features a 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, 20 percent faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud, and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches.
Yogurt is a dairy product that is produced by bacterial fermentation of milk.
Seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame, more than any other current position.
Alternative views have been proposed throughout the centuries, but all were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
The album, however, was banned from many record stores nationwide.
The legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
In late 2004, suleman made headlines by cutting howard stern's radio show from four citadel stations.
The company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's did with its IPO, Ottawa Business Journal, December 1, 2005, and System-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002.
Caleb Holt, Kirk Cameron, and the plot captain are firefighters in Albany, Georgia. They strictly keep the cardinal rule of all firemen: "never leave your partner behind."
He was elected president on 2 March 2008 with 71.25% of the popular vote.
The plant is considered a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Orchestration by Sergei Stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests were suppressed across the nation.
Operettas by Offenbach such as Orpheus in the Underworld and La Belle Hélène were extremely popular in both France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles dating back to the Tang Dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of Chang'an and modern-day Xian.
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue who was born on February 13, 1921 and died on November 11, 1968.
The instrument was nearly impossible to control by most accounts.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the earliest extant church in Assisi.
Radar observations indicate a fairly pure iron-nickel composition.
Railway gazette international is a monthly business journal covering the railway, metro, and light rail industries worldwide.
He was appointed companion of honour in 1988.
loèche harbours the installations of onyx, a Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a small cardboard folder that contains a number of matches and has a coarse striking surface on the exterior.
She was a doctor who objected to cigarette smoking and drug use in pregnant women.
defiantly, she vowed to never renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
There is a three volume original English-language manga series following graystripe between the time he was taken by twolegs in dawn and he returned to thunderclan in the sight.
Syrians did not congregate in urban enclaves; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis.
He was also well-known for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
During her childhood, she suffered from collapsed lungs twice, had pneumonia 4-5 times a year, and had a tonsillar cyst.
dr. david lindenmeyer at Australian National University has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Integrated circuits can also be built with small value inductors.
The gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species, Limnoria lignorum.
Bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries are inflicted by a club.
Afterward, the county's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
no skater has yet accomplished a quadruple axel in competition.
The port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour from the telephone exchange.
Even those who enter a mosque without the intention of praying must still obey the mosque's rules.
It is described as being pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit.
Computer performance is measured by the amount of useful work accomplished, compared to the time and resources used.
Some of the largest reservoirs in the world are found along the volga.
The crosier symbolizes the monasteries of the region.
Human skin can have a range of colors, from very dark brown to very pale pink.
Shorebank bankers helped Yunus with the official incorporation of the bank.
Bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial, but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined.
The Professional Hockey Writers' Association votes for the all-star team at the end of the regular season.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan and Afghanistan border each other to the north, west, south and east, respectively.
nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000, by bomis, Inc.
The notable features of the design include a key-dependent s-box and a highly complex key schedule.
Iain Grieve was born on February 19th, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana and is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Pont-bellanger and Beaumesnil are two other nearby settlements.
The quark model was independently proposed by Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig in 1964.
The fourth ring was added in 1938, when the column was moved to its present location.
The postal administration of West Berlin had its own stamps until 1990.
The primavera painting by Sandro Botticelli is from the Italian Renaissance.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of New South Wales.
Polymer is most often epoxy, but other polymers, such as polyester, vinyl ester or nylon, are also sometimes used.
The name "Vanity Fair" has survived as a brand for related digital media.
At four-and-a-half years old, he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years, living in various orphanages and roving through towns with groups of other homeless children.
Goals were eventually added behind each set of stands during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernised.
A town with market rights is correctly described as a market town.
A bastion was built later on the eastern approaches.
The Battle of Stiklestad on July 29, 1030, was a decisive victory for Olav Haraldsson over his pagan vassals.
Others have theorized that tresca was eliminated by the NKVD as retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union.
This led to both montenegro and serbia becoming independent countries.
Use html and css markup sparingly.
Schuschnigg immediately responded that reports of riots were false.
addiscombe is a suburb in the London borough of Croydon.
Depending on the context, constituent can also have a meaning of a citizen residing in the area governed, represented, or otherwise served by a politician.
Prunk is a member of the institute of European history in Mainz and a senior fellow of the center for European integration studies in Bonn.
Stallone had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film Taxi 3.
Instead, the crew fashioned a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the "hovercraft" and shot the scene while riding up templin highway north of santa clarita.
The conference papers were published the next year in a book by Phelps et al.
Wario Land is a platforming series that started with Wario Land : Super Mario Land 3.
Frédéric Chopin's Opus 57 is a berceuse for solo piano.
These attacks may have been psychological in origin.
A historian has stated that " quinine 's efficacy gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa ".
Furthermore, spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, indicating a stony surface composition.
She became the authoritative editor of her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel.
Mercury is similar in appearance to the moon. Mercury is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains, has no natural satellites, and no substantial atmosphere.
The town is located in the limmat valley between Baden and Zurich.
These habitats provide excellent habitat for chinkara, hog deer and blue bull.
Dhaka was successively ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors descending from the Delhi sultanate before the arrival of the Mughals in 1608.
The prime minister can only stay in office as long as they retain the support of the lower house.
For Rowling, this scene is important because it shows Harry's bravery and by retrieving Cedric's corpse, he demonstrates selflessness and compassion.
On June 1, 1972, he and fellow raf members jan-carl Raspe and Holger Meins were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in Frankfurt.
together, they formed new music manchester, a group committed to contemporary music.
The compact and intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys, with a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet.
The tomb-shrine of Meher Baba is now located at this site.
The collapsed dome of the main church has been restored.
In 2005, meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition.
Salem is a city in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States.
Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been recorded.
Saint Martin is an island in the northeast Caribbean, approximately 300 km east of Puerto Rico.
Therefore, PDFs containing images must be further manipulated.
Ben was arrested in April 1862 for participating in an armed robbery with Frank Gardiner.
Heavy rain fell across portions of Britain on October 5, causing localized accumulation of flood waters.
version 2009.1 provides a USB installer to create a live USB, where the user's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired.
The seats were distributed as follows: free democratic party: 2 members, christian democratic people's party: 2 members, social democratic party: 2 members, and swiss people's party: 1 member.
A fee is the price one pays for services, such as a doctor's honorarium.
Ohio State's library system includes twenty-one libraries located on its Columbus campus.
in other developments, both Iceland and Greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway, but Scotland was able to repulse a Norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement.
The singles from the album included " by the way ", " the zephyr song ", " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking ".
In April 2000, minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence. However, by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities, and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists.
The body color of the cat can vary from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white, and occasionally, it is marked with dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
The britannica was primarily an Scottish enterprise, symbolized by its thistle logo.
The warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards, before being canceled soon after landfall.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune alleged that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat.
Intertitles were used in later films to provide audiences with information. This helped historians imagine what the film might have been like.
That is because real estate, businesses, and other assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as collateral to finance industrial and commercial expansion.
He bolted from Sydney Cove several times before being shot dead in 1796.
ned and dan ordered the police to surrender.
Prior to the second game getting underway, the press agreed that the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance had not been up to veeck's usual promotional standard.
In a short video promoting the charity Equality Now, actor and writer Joss Whedon confirmed that "fray is not done, fray is coming back."
A mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The sat reasoning test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
Civil unrest in northern Italy spawned the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder, penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants.
Some reports say that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations.
His sentence was transportation to Australia for seven years.
Waugh writes that Charles had been " in search of love " when he first met Sebastian, finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " . This metaphor informs the work on a number of levels.
Her notorious friendship with the russian mystic, Grigori Rasputin, was also an important factor in her life.
Dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are located towards or grow off the side of an animal.
protein was coined by berzelius after mulder observed that all proteins had the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of large molecule.
After the Jerilderie raid, the gang lay low for 16 months, evading capture.
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern France.
Color ranges from orange to pale yellow.
The extension was added in 1963, curving north from union station and terminating at st. George and bloor streets.
Before 1980, a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
The unalakleet village is located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains.
People with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death.
Mesoamerica encompassed a vast and varied landscape, from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán.
Google made the comic available on google books and their site.
Anyone may register a pedigree with the college, where they are carefully audited and require official proofs before being altered.
The book, political economy, was published in 1985, but had limited classroom adoption.
He toured with the ipo in 1990 and 1994.
The Napoleonic Wars saw the surrender of General Mack at Ulm, resulting in over 30,000 casualties for the losers.
It is the economic center of northern Nigeria and a center for the production and export of groundnuts.
A majority of south Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages.
meteora earned the band multiple awards and honors.
After a brief standoff, the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho.
Most of the songs were written by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman.
In the 5th century, Slavs started to move into the area.
From 1900 to 1920, many new facilities were constructed on campus, including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, hill auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
Winchester is a city in Scott County, Illinois, United States.
The name arzashkun seems to be the assyrian form of an armenian name ending in -ka.
She was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show.
Its episodes were broadcast on the abc network from its debut on September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
The latter device can be designed and used in less stringent environments.
Gimnasia hired Francisco Maturana and Julio César Falcioni, but both had limited success.
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa, United States.
furthermore, she appeared in several music videos, including "it girl" by John Oates and "just lose it" by Eminem.
On June 24, 1979, the 750th anniversary of the village, Glinde received its town charter.
Pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994.
Vaginal birth stretches the vagina to many times its normal diameter.
It is not known when his real date of birth was, but it is believed to be between 1935 and 1939.
This quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance is needed to inhibit a given biological process by half.
The area known as the Bernese Alps is not actually located in the Bernese Oberland region of the canton of Bern, but rather in the adjoining cantons of Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg, and Vaud.
There, he had one daughter, later baptized as Mary Ann Fisher Power, to Ann Power.
In an interview, Edward Gorey mentioned that Bawden was one of his favorite artists and lamented the fact that not many people remembered or knew about him.
The string can vibrate in different modes, and every mode appears as a different particle.
In 1935, gable earned an academy award nomination for his portrayal of Fletcher Christian in Mutiny on the Bounty.
