one side of the armed conflicts is composed of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group that is mostly made up of people from the afro-arab abbala tribes in the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
jeddah is the main gateway to Mecca, the holiest city in Islam, which every able-bodied Muslim is required to visit at least once in their lifetime.
the great dark spot is thought to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune .
his next work follows an especially eventful day in the life of a neurosurgeon .
the tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord and, attaching it to the ball, crawled away fast to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength.
he died six weeks later on january 8th 888.
they are similar to the coastal people of papua new guinea
since 2000 , the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been given the colin mears award worth £ 5000 .
following the dancers are the drummers , who often play the sogo a tiny drum that makes almost no sound and tend to have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography .
the spacecraft consists of two main parts : the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe .
Alessandro "Sandro" Mazzola was born on November 8th, 1942.
it was thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham attended wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 and graduated with a bachelor's degree in anthropology .
however , the bzö differs a bit from the freedom party in that it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon treaty but against an eu-withdrawal.
many species had vanished by the end of the nineteenth century because of european settlement .
in 1987 wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame
dextromethorphan is a white powder .
Admission to Tsinghua University is extremely competitive .
today nrc is an independent , private foundation .
it is situated on the coast of the baltic sea , next to the city of stralsund .
he was also named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated .
five is a sport believed to have originated from the same origins as many racquet sports .
throughout Thailand, on King Bhumibol's birthday, yellow will be the color of choice .
both names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland .
nonetheless , Tagore emulated styles from northern new ireland , haida carvings from the west coast of canada  british columbia  , and woodcuts by Max Pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate john f. kennedy proposed the idea of what became the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she performed for president reagan in 1988 in the great performances at the white house series which aired on the public broadcasting service .
perry saturn with terri defeated eddie guerrero with chyna to win the wwf european championship 8:10 saturn pinned guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
she stayed in the united states until 1927 when she and her husband returned to france .
despina was discovered in late july 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe.
the italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he also completed two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
at the Voyager 2 images of ophelia , she appears as an elongated object that is pointing towards uranus .
the british decided to kill him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia do not follow official western australian time .
in architectural decoration, small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays, which have been used to decorate walls, furniture and boxes.
the other cities on the palos verdes peninsula include rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
clank asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark in an effort to stop drek .
it's not actually a true louse .
he advocates for applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also tries to popularize interaction design as a mainstream discipline .
it is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you and the administrator who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they ' ve never met in person .
working group i is responsible for assessing scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain is part of the hebrides and it is separated from the mainland and the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on july 12th , 2008 .
formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations that are overseen by the minor planet center .
by early on september 30 , wind shear started to dramatically increase and a weakening trend started .
each entry has a datum which is a copy of the datum in some backing store .
as a result , although many mosques won't enforce violations , both men and women when attending a mosque must obey these guidelines .
mariel of redwall is a novel by brian jacques published in 1991 .
ryan prosser was born on 10 July 1988 and is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership.
like previous assessment reports , it consists of four reports - three from its working groups .
their granddaughter helene langvein-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot is a noted biochemist .
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of victoria 's reign and vast quantities were printed .
the international fight league was an american mma promotion billed as the world 's first mma league .
giardia lamblia is synonymous with lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis is a flagellated protozoan parasite that lives in the small intestine and causes giardiasis .
apart from this , Cameron has often worked in christian-themed productions , including the post-rapture films Left Behind : The Movie and Left Behind : World at War , in which he plays cameron "buck" williams .
this is the area east of the mouth of the vistula river , later sometimes called "prussia proper".
after he had graduated from the conservatory he returned to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and then he was appointed artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra.
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew and the gospel of luke .
later on, weelkes would find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and bad behavior .
so far the ' celebrity ' episodes have included vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
it was discovered by stephen p. synnott in images from the space probe Voyager 1 taken on march 5th 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter
gomaespuma was a radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
on 16 june 2009 , the band released the official release date of the resistance .
he is also a member of another boyband 183 club .
the apostolic tradition says that early christian believers sang hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain at agape feasts .
in return , rolo swore allegiance to charles and converted to christianity , agreeing to protect the northern part of france against the incursions of other viking groups
it is derived from the voice of america voa special english .
disney was given a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft.
Hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.
it is still the bohemian switzerland in the czech republic
this causes consumer confusion when the number 220,1,048,576 is referenced as 1 megabyte instead of 1 mib .
the incident has been the subject of numerous reports on the ethics of scholarship .
they are castrated so that the animal may be more docile or may put on weight more quickly .
seventh sons have special "knacks" that give them powerful magical abilities, and seventh sons of seventh sons are both very rare and very powerful.
benchmarking conducted by passmark software has highlighted the 2009 version 's 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory usage .
volterra is a town in the tuscany region of italy .
historically , the sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other until recently , where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain , but exhibits notable differences .
the tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous which both lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites which adhere to it .
the same tram had derailed on 30 may 2006 on starr gate loop during the previous trials .
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers , outside the ground .
take the square root of the variance .
volunteers provided food , blankets , water , toys for children , massages , and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the pays-de-la-loire department in the region of the southeast of france .
if there are no strong land use controls , buildings are built along a bypass , turning it into an ordinary town road . And the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid
it is a starting point for people who want to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises often cause pain but are not usually dangerous .
none of the authors , contributors , sponsors , administrators , or anyone else connected with wikipedia can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages .
George Frideric Handel also served as Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover who eventually became George I of Great Britain.
their eyes are quite small and their sight is poor .
they are both tough as biological materials only chitin .
oregano is an essential ingredient in greek cuisine.
tickets can be sold for national rail services , the docklands light railway and on oyster card .
these works he produced and published himself , with the exception of the woodcuts which were mostly commissioned work .
the historical method comprises the techniques and guidelines by which historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and then to write history .
the weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration.
as of 2000 , the population was 89,148 people.
Aliteracy is the state of being able to read but not being interested in doing so.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid that is used as a pharmaceutical.
it will then dislodge itself and sink back to the river bottom to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
furthermore , research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that they know , trust , and care about .
today , landis ' father has become a supporter of his son and regards himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans .
shortly after attaining category 4 status , the outer convection of the hurricane began to break up .
the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage that will bring the desired level of output .
convinced that the grounds were haunted , they decided to publish their findings in a book entitled an adventure 1911 , under the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he moved to london and devoted himself mainly to practical teaching .
brunstad has a number of fast food restaurants , a cafeteria-style restaurant and a coffee bar .
he left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region .
1438 - trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia and thenceforth its history merged first with that of the states of the church , then with the united kingdom of italy in 1860 .
the depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation without convection , and dissipated the next day over brazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was a police department in new york city that existed from 1952 to 1995 .
the current lineup of the band is flynn vocals , guitar , duce bass , phil demmel guitar , and dave mcclain drums .
advocacy countries with a muslim minority population are more likely to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation.
the characters are the same as their earlier characters pete and dud .
johan was also the original bassist for hammerfall , but he quit before the band ever released a studio album .
in 1998 , culver ran for secretary of state in iowa and won .
in 1990 mark messier won the hart by a margin of two votes , the difference being a single first-place vote .
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he defies that law , and unintentionally initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home .
the daughter is the female equivalent of a son .
he was diagnosed with inoperable cancer in April 1999.
before the storm arrived, the national park service closed visitor centers and campsites along the outer banks .
speed chess is the form of chess played in which each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game .
the amazon basin is the part of south america that is drained by the amazon river and its tributaries
the two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre
heavy damage extended up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .
because the owner is unaware , these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies .
the wave traveled across the atlantic and formed a tropical storm off the northern coast of haiti on september 13th
for example , the stylebook of the associated press is updated every year .
four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew, gospel of mark, gospel of luke and gospel of john, probably written between ad 65 and 100.
because the end of the 19th century, eschelbronn is known for its furniture manufacturing industry.
the upper half of the flag also resembles the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim
unlike the clouds on earth which are made up of crystals of ice , neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane
their participation is limited until they reach the legal age of adulthood .
releases are usually unstable , but there are often snapshots which are stable enough to use .
finally the order sent him to florence - the 'city of his destiny'
in the soviet years , the bolsheviks destroyed two of rostov 's most important landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral in 1908 and st george cathedral in nakhichevan in 1783-1807 .
he died on may 29 , 1518 in madrid and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .
this was demonstrated in the miller-urey experiment in 1953 by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey.
cogeneration is the use of a heat engine or a power station to produce both electricity and useful heat simultaneously.
on occasion, a male " den master " will also allow a second male into the den ; the reason for this is unclear .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript or css snippet that can be enabled simply by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
below are some helpful links to help you get involved .
he was the prime minister of egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948 .
she was left behind with explanations varying when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland .
james i appointed him an organist in the chapel royal , serving there from at least 1615 until his death .
chauvin was embarrassed to receive the award and initially said that he might not accept it .
later , esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as things in themselves , even if esperanto is never adopted by the united nations or other international organizations
the dry air around the southern periphery of the cyclone erode most of the deep convection by early on september 12 .
calvin baker is an american author.
Eva Anna Paula Braun, died Eva Anna Paula Hitler on 6 February 1912 and was the longtime companion and, for a brief time, wife of Adolf Hitler.
each version of the license has a different version number .
most irc servers do not require users to create an account but a user will have to set a nickname before being connected .
that same year he also received a mechanic certificate , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york city .
Summerslam 2009 will be an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by world wrestling entertainment wwe , which will take place on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles , california .
he is usually portrayed as having a bald head and long whiskers .
some animals have a chromatic response changing color in changing environments either seasonally the ermine snowshoe hare or more rapidly with chromatophores in their integument the cephalopod family .
val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to keep the wwf intercontinental championship at 14:10 venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera .
this closely resembles the unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces .
he is from a musical family ; his mother , larue , was an administrative assistant and singer , and his father , keith brion , was a band director at yale .
the largest populations of mennonites are in canada , the democratic republic of congo and the united states , but mennonites can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the populace of those countries .
naas is a major town in the " dublin suburb " of naas .
acanthopholis armor consisted of oval plates that were set almost horizontally into the skin and had spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area, along the spine.
origin irmo was chartered on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia newberry and laurens railroad .
bills proposing by the law commission , and consolidation bills start in the house of lords .
in the years before his final release in 1474 , when he began preparing for the reconquest of wallachia , vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital .
you may add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , il.
bone marrow is the soft tissue found in the hollow interior of bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red  this is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and sunsets .
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse department in the south of france , in the area of Provence-Alpes-Côte d 'Azur .
macgruber starts asking for simple objects to try and disarm the bomb , but he later gets distracted by something usually involving his personal life that makes him run out of time .
this was substantially complete when messiaen died , and yvonne loriod undertook the final movement 's orchestration with the help of george benjamin .
shi'ites consider karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca , Medina , Jerusalem and Najaf .
the pad called for the resignations of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat ; the pad accused them of being proxies for thaksin .
travel through very remote areas usually requires advance planning and a suitable , reliable vehicle usually a four wheel drive .
while he was at kahn he was the chief architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal and dr. schön leaves .
britpop emerged from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
this was absorbed into battalions being formed for the xi international brigade .
the sheppard line currently has fewer customers than the other two subway lines and the trains are shorter .
it has a capacity of 98,772 people and is the eleventh largest stadium in the world.
in December , 1967 , ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of israel
some articles are long and full of content while others are shorter and probably just sketches .
about 95 different species are currently accepted .
eugowra is said to be named after the australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill ".
terms such as " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are often heard terms in english .
jurisdiction is based on public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of their own society .
he followed this with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , the overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is aracaju .
despite this , farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade .
gumbasia was created in the style of vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles .
the lawyer brandon waise lee became his idol and mk sun grew up to be a lawyer .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near cowra in the central west of new south wales .
donaldson enlisted in the australian army on 18 june 2002 .
prospectors from california europe and china were also digging along the peel river and up the mountain slopes
before the advent of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering .
The Kindle 2 features a 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, 20 percent faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud, and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches.
yoghurt is a dairy product that is made by bacterial fermentation of milk .
seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame more than any other position while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries , but all were rejected by mainstream christian bodies .
the album was banned from many record stores nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle .
in 2004 , suleman made headlines by cutting howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations .
the company opened twice as many canadian outlets as mcdonald 's " wendy 's confirms tim hortons ipo by march " , ottawa business journal , december 1 , 2005 .
plot captain caleb holt kirk cameron is a firefighter in albany, georgia, and he always keeps the cardinal rule of all firefighters: "never leave your partner behind."
he won the presidential election on 2 march 2008 with a majority of the popular vote .
the plant is a living fossil .
in 1990 she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia.
stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913 .
the protests in the nation were suppressed .
offenbach 's numerous operettas such as orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène were extremely popular in both france and the english-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles from the Tang Dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of Chang'an , in modern-day Xi'an .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux was born on february 13 , 1921 and died on november 11 , 1968
by most accounts , the instrument was difficult to control .
Santa Maria Maggiore, also known as St. Mary the Greater, is the earliest extant church in Assisi.
the characteristics of radar observations indicate a fairly pure iron-nickel composition .
railway gazette international is a monthly business journal that covers the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries worldwide .
in 1988 he was appointed companion of honour
loèche harbours the installations of onyx , the interception system for electronic intelligence gathering by the swiss .
a matchbook is a small cardboard folder with a match cover enclosing a quantity of matches and having a coarse striking surface on the exterior.
she was one of the first doctors to object to smoking around children and using drugs in pregnant women .
definitely she vowed to never give up the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
There is a three volume original english-language manga series followig graystripe between the time that he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
samovar & porter 1994 , p. 84 syrians didn't congregate in urban enclaves ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with americans on a daily basis .
he was also famous for his prints , book covers , posters , and furniture in his garden .
during childhood she had collapsed lungs twice and had pneumonia 4-5 times a year .
dr. david lindenmeyer australian national university has said that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not environmentally sustainable for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum .
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in montreal, canada.
small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors .
the term gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species , especially the first species described from Norway by rathke in 1799 .
the wounds inflicted by a club are generally known as blunt-force trauma injuries .
thereafter the county 's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has yet accomplished a quadruple axel in competition .
from the telephone exchange , the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour by telephone .
even if someone enters a mosque without the intention of praying , there are still rules that apply .
it is pointed in the face and the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by the amount of useful work done by the computer system compared to the time and resources used .
some of the largest reservoirs in the world are found along the volga .
the crosier is the symbol of the monasteries of the region
human skin hues can range from very dark to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , helped yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer reported that they were going to put saddam on trial , but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined .
representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association voted for the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
Tajikistan , Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan to the north , Iran to the west , Pakistan to the south and the People's Republic of China to the east .
nupedia was founded on march 9th , 2000, under the ownership of bomis, Inc., a web portal company.
the design features a key-dependent S-box and a highly complex key schedule .
iain grieve was born in jwaneng on 19 February 1987 and is a rugby union back-rower for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership.
other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was proposed by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location .
west berlin had its own postal administration which issued its own postage stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro botticelli , circa 1482 .
sydney is the largest city and capital of new south wales .
the polymer is most often epoxy , but other polymers , such as polyester or vinyl ester , are also sometimes used .
the name of the magazine and website have survived the demise of the printed magazine
at four-and-a-half years old he was left on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years , living in various orphanages and roaming through towns with groups of other homeless children .
stands were eventually added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernized
a town can be correctly described as a market town or have market rights even if it no longer has a market , provided the right to do so still exists .
a bastion was later built on the eastern approaches .
events in europe on july 29 — the battle of stiklestad in Norway: olav haraldsson loses to his pagan vassals and is killed in the battle .
others have theorized that tresca was eliminated by the nkvd as revenge for criticism of the stalin regime of the soviet union .
this resulted in montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries .
use html and css markup sparingly because they are powerful tools and only used with good reason .
schuschnigg immediately responded that the reports of riots were not true .
addiscombe is a suburb of croydon in the london borough of east london
depending on the context , another closely-related meaning of constituent is that of a citizen residing in the area governed by a politician ; sometimes this is restricted to citizens who elected the politician .
prunk is a member of the institute of european history in mainz and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn.
Stallone also had a cameo appearance in the french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead , the crew fashioned a trailer with a cantilevered arm and shot the scene while riding up templin highway north of santa clarita .
the conference papers were published the next year in a book microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al .
the wario land series is a platforming series that started with wario land : super mario land 3 .
frédéric chopin's opus 57 is a lullaby for solo piano.
these attacks may have been psychological in origin .
a historian has said that " quinine's efficacy gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa "
furthermore , spectral studies have shown that there is evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which suggests that the surface composition is rather stony .
she became the authoritative editor of her husband 's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury is similar in appearance to the moon : it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains and has no natural satellites and no substantial atmosphere .
the town is located in the limmat valley between baden and zürich
these forests provide excellent habitat for the chinkara, hog deer and blue bull.
dhaka was successively ruled by the turkish and afghan governors descending from the delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608 .
the prime minister stays in power only as long as he or she retains the support of the lower house .
for rowling , this scene is important because it shows harry 's bravery and by retrieving cedric 's corpse he demonstrates selflessness and compassion
on june 1 , 1972 , he and fellow raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were arrested after a shootout in frankfurt .
together they formed new music manchester , a band that was committed to contemporary music .
the hurricane caused severe damage in the upper florida keys as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region.
it is now the site of meher baba 's samadhi tomb-shrine as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims .
the collapsed dome of the main church has been restored completely .
in 2005 , meissner became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition .
salem is a city in essex county in the state of massachusetts, in the eastern United States.
49 species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been recorded .
saint martin is an island in the northeast caribbean , approximately 300 km east of puerto rico .
Therefore, these PDFs cannot be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images.
in april of 1862 , ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger for being an part of an armed robbery while in the company of frank gardiner .
Heavy rain fell across portions of britain on October 5, causing localized accumulation of flood waters.
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb , so that the user 's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired .
in approximate relation to the parties ' respective strength in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : the free democratic party  fdp  : 2 members , the christian democratic people 's party  cvp  : 2 members , the social democratic party  sp  : 2 members , and the swiss people 's party  svp  : 1 member .
a fee is the price one pays for services , especially the fee paid to a doctor for services .
ohio state 's library system has twenty-one libraries located on its columbus campus .
in other developments , both iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway , but scotland was able to repulse a norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking "
in april 2000 , minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence , but other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities by this time, and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists .
the body's color varies from a medium brown to a light gold-ish to beige-white ; and occasionally, it is marked with darker brown spots, especially on the limbs.
the britannica was primarily an scottish enterprise ; it was represented by its thistle logo , the floral emblem of scotland
the area covered by the warning issued on september 22 was extended southwards as jose intensified , before it was canceled soon after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune alleged that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the early stages of combat .
the later provided audiences with the kind of information later provided by subtitles , and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like .
that is because real estate , businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can not be used as collateral to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion .
he bolted from sydney cove several times before being shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan went to the police camp and ordered them to surrender .
before the second game got underway, the press agreed that the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance had not been up to veeck's usual promotional standards.
in a short video promoting the charity equality now joss whedon confirmed that " fray is not done and fray is coming back .
a mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test is a standardized test for college admissions in the united states .
the civil unrest in northern italy spawned the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants .
some reports say that both paralysis and hallucinations are likely to increase .
his sentence was to be transported to australia for seven years .
Waugh writes that Charles had been " in search of love in those days " when he first met Sebastian , finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , a metaphor that informs the work on a number of levels.
her friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also important in her life .
the term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are located toward or grow from that side of an animal .
the term " protein " was coined by berzelius after mulder noticed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of very large molecule .
after the jerilderie raid the gang went on the run for 16 months avoiding capture
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern france .
colors range from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 an extension was added to the south of union station , curving north from union station to near university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street where it turned west to terminate at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed through the western side of the simpson desert .
it is located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both.
as the largest sub-region in mesoamerica , it encompassed a vast and varied landscape from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google subsequently made the comic available on google books and their website .
anyone can register a pedigree with the college , where they are carefully looked at and require official proofs before they are changed .
the book, political economy, was published in 1985 but didn't have a lot of classroom adoption.
he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 and 1994 for their first-ever performances in the soviet union .
the napoleonic wars : austrian general mack surrenders his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm , taking napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers .
it is the economic center of northern nigeria and a center for the production and export of groundnuts .
a majority of south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages .
meteora earned the band multiple honors and awards .
after a brief stand-off , the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked kane and jericho .
most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .
in the 5th century, Slavs started to move into the area .
from 1900 to 1920 many new facilities were built on campus , including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs , a chemistry building , a building for the natural sciences , hill auditorium , a large hospital and library complex , and two residence halls .
winchester is a city in scott county in the state of Illinois in the United States .
name arzashkun seems to be the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka formed from a proper name arzash , which recalls the name arsene , arsissa , applied by the ancients to part of lake van .
out of 16,421 people who participated in the national casting , she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show .
its episodes were aired on the abc network from its debut on september 21, 1993 to march 1, 2005.
the latter device can be used in less stringent environments .
gimnasia hired the first famed colombian trainer francisco maturana , but he had limited success .
brighton is a city in washington county in the state of iowa in the united states .
furthermore , she has appeared in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24 1979 , the 750th anniversary of the village glinde , glinde received its town charter .
pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 and later mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , although the character is now described as " mario 's friend ".
the vagina is remarkably elastic and stretches to many times its normal diameter when it gives birth .
it is believed that his real birthdate was between 1935 and 1939 .
this quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance it takes to inhibit a given biological process or component by half .
although the name suggests that they are located in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern , portions of the bernese alps are in the adjacent cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud
there he had one daughter who was later baptized as mary ann fisher power .
during an interview , edward gorey mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists , and lamented the fact that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist .
the string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can produce different notes, and every mode appears as a different particle: electron, photon, gluon, etc.
gable also got an academy award nomination when he portrayed fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .
