One side of the armed conflicts in Sudan is composed of the sudanese military and the janjaweed, a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in Sudan.
jeddah is the leading gateway to Mecca, Islam's holiest city, which able-bodied Muslims are required to visit at least once in their lifetime.
The great dark spot is thought to represent a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune.
His next work, Saturday, will follow an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord and attached it to the ball, crawling away fast to the east.
He died six weeks later, on January 888.
They are culturally similar to the coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea.
The recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been presented with the colin mears award, which is worth £5000.
Following the drummers are the dancers who often play the soma, or tiny drum that makes almost no sound and tend to have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography.
The spacecraft consists of two main parts: the nasa cassini orbiter, named after the Italian-French astronomer Giovanni Domenico Cassini, and the esa huygens probe, named after the Dutch astronomer, mathematician and physicist Christiaan Huygens.
alessandro " sandro " mazzola was born on 8 november 1942.
The debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters.
Graham attended Wheaton college from 1939-1943, when he graduated with a B in anthropology.
however, the bzö differs from the freedom party in some ways, as it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon treaty but opposed to an eu-withdrawal.
Many species of animals had gone extinct by the end of the 19th century, with European settlement.
Wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame in 1987.
In its pure form, dextromethorphan is a white powder.
Admission to Tsinghua University is extremely competitive.
Today NRC is organized as an independent, private foundation.
It is located at the coast of the Baltic Sea, which encloses the city of Stralsund.
He was also named 1982 "sportsman of the year" by sports illustrated.
Fives is a British sport believed to derive from the same origins as many racquet sports.
For example, King Bhumibol was born on Monday, so throughout Thailand will be decorated with yellow flags.
Both names went defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland.
notwithstanding , tagore followed many styles, including work from northern new zealand , haida carvings from the west coast of canada , and woodcuts by max pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, presidential candidate John F. Kennedy proposed the concept of the peace corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
she performed for president reagan in 1988's great performances at the white house series.
Perry Saturn with Terri defeated Eddie Guerrero with Chyna to win the WWF European Championship at 8:10 on Saturn pinned Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
She remained in the United States until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France.
despina was discovered in late July, 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe.
The first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on September 4, 1921 at Brescia.
He also completed two collections of short stories, entitled the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales.
at the voyager 2 images of ophelia appears as an elongated object, the major axis pointing towards uranus.
The British decided to eliminate him and take the land by force.
Some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of Western Australia don't follow official Western Australian time.
In architectural decoration, small pieces of colorful and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays, which have been used to decorate walls, furniture, and boxes.
The other city on the peninsula includes Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
fearing that drek will destroy the galaxy, clank asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark, in an effort to stop drek.
It's not really a louse.
He advocates applying a user-centered design process to product development cycles and also tries to popularize interaction design as a mainstream discipline.
It is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you, and the administrator who blocked you, are part of a conspiracy against someone far away they have never met in person.
The working group assesses scientific aspects of climate system and climate change.
The island chain forms part of the Hebrides, separated from the scottish mainland and from the inner Hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch, the little minch and the sea of the Hebrides.
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie on July 12, 2008.
Formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the minor planet center.
September 30 saw significant wind shear, which led to a weakening trend.
Each entry has a data point and a nugget of data which is a copy of the data point in a backup store.
As a result, although many mosques will not enforce their laws, both men and women must adhere to these regulations.
mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques, published in 1991.
ryan prosser was born on 10 July 1988 and is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Like the previous assessment reports, it consists of four reports, three of which are from its working groups.
Their granddaughter Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of Paris, and their grandson, Pierre Joliot, is a noted biochemist.
This stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the rest of Victoria's reign and vast quantities were printed.
The international fight league was an American mixed martial arts promotion billed as the world's first MMA league.
giardia lamblia is synonymous with lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonises and reproduces in the small intestine, causing giardiasis.
Aside from this, he has often worked in Christian-themed productions, among them the post-rapture films Left Behind: The movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War.
This was the area east of the mouth of the vistula River, later sometimes called " Prussia ".
After graduating from college, he returned to Yerevan and taught at the local conservatory. He later became artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra.
The story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew .
Weelkes was in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behaviour.
So far, the ' celebrity ' episodes have featured Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Lee Ryan, Carol Thatcher, Paul O' Grady and David Levy.
It was discovered by Stephen P. Synnott in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5, 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter.
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show, hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
On June 16th 2009, the release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website.
He is also a member of another jungiery boyband 183 club.
The apostolic tradition, attributed to the theologian Hippolytus, attests singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early Christian agape feasts.
In return, Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and undertook to defend the northern region of France against the incursions of other Viking groups.
voa  is derived from the voice of America.
Disney received a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones, presented to him by 10-year-old actress Shirley Temple.
It was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft.
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden .
It continues as the Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
This leads to consumer confusion when 220 1,048,576 bytes is referenced as 1 megabyte instead of 1 megabyte.
The incident has been the subject of many reports as to ethics in scholarship.
They are castrated so that the animal may be less docile or may put on weight more quickly.
Seventh sons have strong magical abilities and are both extraordinarily rare and powerful.
benchmarking showed that the 2009 version's 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 mb memory utilization were good.
volterra is a town in the Tuscany region of Italy.
Historically, it has not been until recently that itch and pain have been considered to be independent.
The tongue is sticky because of the glycoprotein-rich mucous, which both lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites.
The same tram derailed on May 30, 2006 at the Star Gate Loop during previous trials.
There are statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, both former Ipswich town and England managers, outside the ground.
The square root of the variance is .
Volunteers provided food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance at the stadium.
The commune of Vouvray-sur-Huisne is in the Sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern France.
If there are no strong land-use controls, buildings are built along a bypass, turning it into an ordinary town road, and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid.
Cooktown, cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton tableland are starting points for people wanting to explore.
Bruises are not typically dangerous, but sometimes they cause pain.
You cannot be responsible for the use of information found on or linked from these web pages by anyone.
George Frideric Handel also served as kapellmeister for George, elector of Hanover who eventually became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small and their visual acuity is poor.
They are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin.
Oregano is an essential ingredient in Greek cuisine.
Tickets can be retailed for national rail services, the docklands light railway and on oyster card.
These works, he produced and published himself, whilst his much larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work.
The historical method uses the techniques and guidelines by which historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and write history.
The sheer weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of Lac Vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration.
As of 2000, the population was 89,148.
aliteracy is the state of being able to read but not being interested in doing so.
Mifepristone is a synthetic steroid that is used as a pharmaceutical.
It will then detach and sink back to the river bed in order to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
Furthermore, research has shown that children are more likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, and / or care about.
Today, Landis ' father has become a hearty supporter of his son and regards himself as one of Floyd's biggest fans.
shortly after becoming category 4, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
The equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage.
They decided to publish their findings in a book and under pseudonyms in 1911.
He settled in London, devoted himself chiefly to practical teaching.
brunstad has several fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, coffee bar, and its own grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region.
In 1438, trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia and thenceforth its history merges with that of the states of the church, then 1960 with the united kingdom of Italy.
The depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation without convection and dissipated on the next day over Brazil, where it caused heavy rains and flooding.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was an law enforcement agency in New York City that existed from 1952 to 1995.
The current lineup of the band comprises flynn, vocals, guitar, duce, bass, phil demmel, guitar, and dave mcclain drums.
Countries with a minority muslim population are more likely to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation.
The characters are foul-mouthed extensions of their earlier characters, Pete and Dud.
Johan was also the original bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall, but he quit before the band ever released a studio album.
In 1998, Culver ran for the Iowa Secretary of State.
In 1990, Mark Messier took the Hart over Ray Bourque by a margin of two votes.
Shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he disregards that law and impulsively creates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony's home, forcing their premature migration, and his separation from them.
The female equivalent is a daughter.
He was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April 1999.
Prior to the storm, the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds on the outer banks.
The form of chess played is speed chess in which each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game.
The Amazon basin is the part of South America drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were later separately charged with treason and mutiny for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 Gwangju massacre.
moderate to severe damage was found along the Atlantic coast and as far inland as west virginia.
because the owner is unaware of the state of the computer, these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies.
The wave traveled across the Atlantic and organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
The stylebook of the Associated Press is updated every year.
The four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew, gospel of mark, gospel of luke, and gospel of john, probably written between 65 and 100.
since the end of the 19th century eschelbronn is well-known for its furniture manufacturing industry.
The coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim resembles the coat of arms of the former district of Bamberg.
Unlike the clouds on Earth, Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane.
Their participation is limited until they reach legal adulthood.
Development stable releases are rare, but there are often subversion snapshots that are stable enough to use.
Finally, in 1482, the order was sent to Florence, the 'city of his destiny'.
in the soviet years, the Bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov's principal landmarks - St Alexander Nevsky Cathedral 1908 and St George Cathedral in Nakhichevan 1783-1807.
He died on may 29th, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the church of San Benito d' Alcantara.
This was demonstrated in the miller-urey experiment by Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey in 1953.
cogeneration also combined heat and power, chp is the use of a heat engine or power station to simultaneously generate both electricity and useful heat.
The " den master " will allow a second male into the den; the reason for this is unknown.
A wikipedia gadget is a javascript snippet that can be enabled by checking the option in your preferences.
Below are some useful links to help you get involved.
He served as the prime minister of Egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948.
Explanations for the fact that she was left behind vary when the rest of theNicoleños were moved to the mainland.
James I appointed him a Gentleman of the Chapel Royal where he served as an organist from at least 1615 until his death.
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially indicated that he may not accept it.
After, Esperanto speakers began to see the language and culture that had grown up around it as ends in themselves, even if Esperanto never becomes adopted by the United Nations or other international organizations.
The deep convection around the southern periphery of the cyclone was eroded by early September 12.
calvin baker is an American writer.
Eva Braun, who died in February 1912, was the longtime companion and wife of Adolf Hitler.
Each license has a distinguishing version number.
Most IRC servers do not require users to register, but a user will have to set a nickname before being connected.
That same year he also received a mechanics certificate, becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment, which will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
He is usually portrayed as being bald, with long whiskers, and is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
A few animals have chromatic response, changing color in different environments, either seasonally or quickly with chromatophores in their integument.
val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the wwf intercontinental championship at 14:10.
This closely resembles the unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces.
He was born from a musical family; his mother, Larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, Keith brion, was a band director at Yale.
The largest populations of mennonites are in Canada, the Democratic Republic of Congo, the United States, but mennonites can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the populace of those countries.
naas is a major " Dublin suburb " town, with many people living in naas and working in dublin.
The armour of Acanthopholis was made up of round plates set almost horizontally into the skin, with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area, along the spine.
irmo was chartered on Christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad.
Start bills in the house of lords when they are proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills.
he resided with his new wife in the Hungarian capital of Budapest from 1474-1475.
You can add up to five words as a front-cover text and 25 words as a back-cover text to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version.
He is interred in the restvale cemetery in alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is the flexible tissue found inside the bones.
reflecting nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red. This is why we see blue skies and red sunsets.
Monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse département in southern France, in the area provence-alpes-côte d'azur.
macgruber starts asking for things that can help him defuse the bomb, but he is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life that makes him run out of time.
This was substantially complete when Messiah died and Yvonne Loriod undertook the final movement 's orchestration with advice from George Benjamin .
Shi'a Muslims consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem and Najaf.
The pad called for the resignation of the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat, who the pad accused of being proxies for Thaksin.
however, travel through very remote areas or on isolated tracks takes advance planning and a vehicle that can handle four-wheel drive.
he was the chief architect for the fisher building in 1928.
He excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal and he and Dr. Schön leave.
britpop emerged from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
This was absorbed into battalions being formed for the xi international brigade.
The sheppard line currently has less users than the other two subway lines, and shorter trains are run.
It has a capacity of 98,772, making it the largest stadium in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world.
in december, 1967, ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of Israel.
Some articles may be quite lengthy and rich in information, while others may be shorter and less well-written.
about 95 species are currently accepted.
eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
Terms such as " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are often used in english.
jurisdiction is drawn from public international law, conflict of law, constitutional law, and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society.
He followed this up with a few other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha, overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure.
The capital of the state is ARACajU.
despite this, farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
gumbasia was created in a style vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles.
brandon Waise Lee became his idol and mk sun grew up to be a lawyer.
ISBN 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near Cowra in the central west of New South Wales, Australia in Cabonne Shire.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian army on June 18, 2002.
prospectors from California, Europe, and China were also digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
The pocket calculator was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering before the advent of the computer.
The Kindle 2 features 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, 20 percent faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud, and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches.
Yoghurt or yogurt is a dairy product produced by bacterial fermentation of milk.
Seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame, more than any other current position, while only 35 goaltenders have been enshrined.
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries, but all were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
The album was banned from many stores nationwide.
The legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
In 2004, Suleman cut Howard Stern's radio show from four stations citing Stern's comments about his upcoming move to Sirius satellite radio.
The company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's " Wendy's confirms Tim Hortons' IPO by March" and system-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002.
plot captain caleb holt is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia and firmly keeps the cardinal rule of all firefighters, " never leave your partner behind".
He won the presidential election on March 2, 2008 with 71.25% of the popular vote.
The plant is considered a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky conceived of writing the ballet in 1913.
protests across the nation were suppressed.
Offenbach's numerous operas, such as orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène, were extremely popular in both France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
roof tiles dating back to the Tang dynasty with this symbol were found west of the ancient city of chang ' an modern-day xian.
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux was a french organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
The instrument was nearly impossible to control.
santa maria maggiore and st. mary the greater are the earliest extant churches in Assisi.
The radar observations indicate a fairly pure iron-nickel composition.
railway gazette international is a monthly magazine covering the railway, metro, light rail and tram industries worldwide.
He was appointed companion of honour in 1988.
loèche harbours the installations of onyx, the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a small cardboard folder with a quantity of matches and a coarse striking surface on the exterior.
She objected to cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
defiantly, she vowed to never leave the commune, and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
oel manga series graystripe 's trilogy, there is a three volume original english language manga series following graystripe, between the time he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight.
The Samovar & Porter 1994 book, p. 84, says that the Syrians did not congregate in urban areas; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with American citizens on a daily basis.
He was also famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
She suffered from collapsed lungs, pneumonia, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst during childhood.
dr. david lindenmeyer at the australian national university has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable, for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater's possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors.
The term 'gribble' was originally assigned to the wood-boring species, especially the first species described from Norway by Rathke in 1799, Limnoria lignorum.
Bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries are usually known as bludgeoning or blunt-force injuries.
thereafter, the administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
no skater has yet accomplished a quadruple Axel in competition.
from the telephone exchange, the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour.
however, even people who enter a mosque without intending to pray still have rules that apply.
The rabbit is described as being pointed in the face and about the size of a small dog.
computer performance is measured by how much work a computer system is able to complete compared to the time and resources used.
Some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be found along the Volga.
The crosier symbolizes the monasteries of the region.
Human skin colors can range from very dark brown to very pale pink.
bankers from shorebank, a community development bank in Chicago, helped Yunus with the official incorporation of the bank.
Bremer said that he had plans to put Saddam on trial, but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined.
The professional hockey writers' association vote to select the all-star team at the end of the regular season.
The countries to the north, west, south, and east of Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, and China border Afghanistan to the north.
Nupedia was founded on march 9, 2000, under the ownership of Bomis, Inc.
The notable features of the design include key-dependent s-boxes and a highly complex key schedule.
Iain Grieve was born on February 19, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana. He is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil.
The quark model was independently proposed by physicists Murray Gell-mann and George Zweig in 1964.
The fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938-39 when the column was moved to its present location.
West Berlin had its own postal administration, separate from West German's, which issued its own postage stamps until 1990.
The Primavera painting by the Italian Renaissance painter Sandro Botticelli, c. 1482.
Sydney is the largest city in New South Wales.
The polymer is most often used, but other polymers, such as polyester, vinyl ester or nylon, can also be used.
The name of the related spin-off digital television channel, digital radio station, and website survive as brands.
At four-and-a-half years old he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years, living in various orphanages and roaming through towns with groups of other homeless children.
The stands were eventually added in between each goal during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground was modernized.
A town may be correctly described as a market town or have market rights even if it no longer holds a market.
The bastion was built later.
events in Europe on July 29- Battle of Stiklestad in Norway: Olav Haraldsson loses to his pagan vassals and is killed in the battle.
Others have theorized that the elimination of tresca was in retribution for criticisms of Stalin's regime in the Soviet Union.
This resulted in Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries.
Use html and css sparingly and for good reasons.
Schuschnigg immediately responded to the reports of riots being false.
Addiscombe is a suburb in the London borough of Croydon, England.
Depending on the context, another similar meaning of constituent is someone who resides in or is affected by the area governed, represented, or otherwise served by a politician.
Prunk is a member of the institute of European history in Mainz, and a senior fellow at the center for European integration studies in Bonn.
Stallone also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
Instead of a trailer, the crew created a cantilevered arm attached to the "hovercraft" and shot the scene while riding up templin highway north of Santa Clarita.
The conference papers were published in a book, microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by Phelps et al.
wario land the wario land series is a platforming series that started with wario land: Super Mario Land 3
Frédéric Chopin's opus 57 is a lullaby for solo piano.
These attacks may have been psychological in origin.
It has been stated that quinine's efficacy gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast, Nigeria and other parts of west africa.
further studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, which suggests a stony surface composition.
She became the authoritative editor of her husband's works for Breitkopf and Härtel.
Mercury is similar in appearance to the moon and has no natural satellites.
The town is in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zurich.
These ideal habitats provide excellent places for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull.
After the sena dynasty, Dhaka was successively ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors descending from the Delhi Sultanate before the arrival of the Mughals in 1608.
The prime minister remains in office only as long as he or she has the support of the lower house.
for rowling, this scene is important because it shows harry's bravery and by retrieving cedric's corpse, he demonstrates selflessness and compassion.
On June 1, 1972, he and fellow RAF members Jan-Carl Raspe and Holger Meins were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in Frankfurt.
Manchester, England-based music group, together with its predecessor, formed in 2000.
The intense hurricane in the upper Florida Keys caused extreme damage.
It is now the site of Meher Baba's Samadhi shrine as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
The collapsed dome of the main church was restored entirely.
In 2005, Meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition.
Salem is a city in Essex county, Massachusetts, United States.
Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been recorded.
saint martin is an island in the northeast Caribbean about 300 kilometers east of Puerto Rico.
because these pdfs contain images, they cannot be distributed without further manipulation.
in april 1862, ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger due to his participation in an armed robbery whilst in the company of frank gardiner.
Heavy rain fell across parts of Britain on October 5, causing localized flooding.
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb with the user's configuration and personal data saved if desired.
The seats were distributed as follows: the free democratic party, the christian democratic people's party, the social democratic party, and the swiss people's party.
A fee is the price one pays for services rendered, especially the honorarium paid to a doctor, lawyer, consultant, or other member of a learned profession.
ohio state's library system includes 21 libraries on its columbus campus.
In other developments, both Iceland and Greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway, but Scotland was able to repulse a Norwegian invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement.
The singles from the album included " by the way ", " the zephyr song ", " can't stop ", " dosed ", and " universally speaking ".
In April 2000, Minix became free/open source software under a permissive free software licence, but by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities, and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists.
The body color varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white; and occasionally, it is marked with dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
The Britannica was primarily a Scottish enterprise, as symbolized by its thistle logo, the floral emblem of Scotland.
The area covered by the warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards as Jose intensified, before being canceled soon after landfall.
in august 2003, the san diegounion tribune alleged that U.S. Marine pilots and commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat.
The latter served as a source of information that was later provided by subtitles and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like.
That's because real estate, businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the Third World can not be used as collateral to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion.
He bolted from Sydney Cove several times before being shot dead in 1796.
Ned and Dan advanced to the police camp and ordered them to surrender.
The press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance had not been up to McMahon's usual promotional standard.
In a short video promoting the charity equality now joss whedon confirmed that ' fray is not over , fray is coming back '.
A mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel.
The SAT is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
Civil unrest in Northern Italy spawns the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder, penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants.
Some reports say that various factors increase the likelihood of paralysis and hallucinations.
his sentence was transported to Australia for seven years.
Waugh writes that Charles had been " in search of love in those days " when he first met Sebastian, finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , a metaphor that informs the work on a number of levels.
Her relationship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was also an important factor in her life.
The term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are either situated near or grow off the side of an animal.
The term " protein " was coined by Berzelius after Mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of large molecule.
After the Jerilderie raid, the gang lay low for 16 months, dodging capture.
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern France.
color ranges from orange to pale yellow.
In 1963, an extension was added to the east side of Union Station, Curveting northeast from union station, below university avenue and Queen's Park to near Bloor Street, where it turned west to terminate at St. George and Bloor Streets.
A section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed through the Simpson Desert before 1980.
It is located on an old trail that led west through the mountains to unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both.
as the largest subregion in Mesoamerica, it encompassed a vast and varied landscape from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán.
Google made the comic available on Google books and their site and mentioned it on their official blog along with an explanation for the early release.
anyone may register a pedigree at the college, where they are carefully internally audited and require official proofs before being changed.
The book, political economy, was published in 1985 but had limited classroom adoption.
He toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 for their first-ever performance in the Soviet Union, with concerts in Moscow and Leningrad, and toured with the ipo again in 1994, performing in China and India.
The Austrian general Mack surrendered his army to Napoleon at Ulm, taking him over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers.
It has always been the economic center of north Nigeria and a center for the production andexport of groundnuts.
A majority of south Indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu and Tulu.
meteora earned the band multiple awards and honors.
After a brief standoff, the WWF cavalry turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho.
Most of the songs were written by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman.
in the 5th century, Slavs started to move into the area.
From 1900 to 1920 many new facilities were constructed on campus, including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, a hill auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
winchester is a city in scott county, illinois, and united states.
The name arzashkun seems to be an Armenian form of an armenian name ending in -ka, which recalls the name Arsene, Arsissa, applied by the ancient authors to part of lake Van.
out of 16,421 participants in the national casting, she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the show.
Its episodes were aired on the abc network from its debut on September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
The latter device can be used in less stringent environments.
Gimnasia hired Colombian Trainer Francisco Maturana and Italian Trainer Julio César Falcioni, but both had limited success.
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa, United States.
furthermore, she appeared in several music videos, including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem.
On June 24, 1979, Glinde received its town charter.
pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994, and later in 2006, although the character is now known as "Mario's friend."
The vagina is remarkably elastic and stretches to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth.
his real date of birth was never recorded, but it is believed to be a date between 1935 and 1939.
This quantitative measure shows how much of a particular drug or other substance is needed to inhibit a given biological process or component in a process, such as an enzyme, cell, cell receptor, or microorganism by half.
although the name suggests that they are located in the bernese Oberland region of the canton of bern, portions of the bernese Alps are in the adjacent cantons of valais, lucerne, obwalden, fribourg and vaud.
There he had one daughter, later baptized as Mary Ann Fisher, to Anne Power.
during an interview, edward gorey mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists, lamenting the fact that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist.
The string vibrates in different modes just as a guitar string can produce different notes, and every mode appears as a different particle: electron, photon, gluon, etc.
gable was nominated for an academy award in 1935 for his role in 's mutiny on the bounty.
