one side of the armed conflicts is made up mostly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group that is mostly recruited from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
jeddah is the main gateway to Mecca , the holiest city in Islam , which all able-bodied muslims are required to visit at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is a hole in the methane cloud deck of neptune .
his next work is about a neurosurgeon who has a really eventful day .
the trickster character , the tarantula , spun a black cord and attached it to the ball , crawling away as fast as he could to the east .
he died on january 888 .
they are similar to the coastal people of papua new Guinea
since 2000 , the kate greenaway medal has also been given the colin mears award which has a value of £ 5000 .
following the drummers are dancers who often play the sogo, a tiny drum that makes almost no sound, and have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography.
the spacecraft consists of two main parts : the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe .
alessandro " sandro " mazzola was born on 8 november 1942 in italy
it was thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller crater s .
graham attended wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 and graduated with a bachelor 's degree in anthropology in 1943 .
but the bzö differs a bit from the freedom party , which is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty but against the withdrawal of the eu .
many species had disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century due to European settlement .
in 1987, bill wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame .
dextromethorphan is a white powder in its pure form .
getting into tsinghua is very difficult .
today nrc is a foundation that is independent and private .
it is located at the coast of the baltic sea and surrounds the city of stralsund
he was also named 1982 sportsman of the year by sports illustrated .
five is a sport originating from britain that is believed to stem from the same origins as many racquet sports
on monday king bhumibol was born , so throughout thailand on his birthday people will decorate it with the yellow color .
both the names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland .
nevertheless , Tagore emulated styles from a variety of places including craftwork from northern new ireland , carvings from the west coast of canada and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate john f. kennedy proposed the idea of what became the peace corps on the steps of michigan union
she performed for president reagan in 1988 in the great performances at the white house series that aired on the public broadcasting service .
perry saturn with terri defeated eddie guerrero with chyna to win the wwf european championship 8:10 perry pinned guerrero after a diving elbow drop .
she stayed in the united states until 1927 but then went back to france with her husband .
despina was discovered in late july 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on september 4 at brescia .
he also compiled two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious tales and seven strange and ghostly tales .
at the voyager 2 images ophelia appears as an object that is elongated in the direction of uranus .
the british decided to kill him and take the land by force .
some towns in the south-east corner of western australia don't follow the official western australian time .
iridescent shell has been used to create mosaics and inlays in architectural decoration , which are used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
the other two cities in the palos verdes peninsula are rancho palos verdes and rolling hills estates .
clank asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark in order to stop drek .
it is not actually a louse .
he believes that a user-centered design process should be applied throughout product development cycles and also promotes the use of interaction design as a mainstream discipline .
it is theoretically possible that the other editors who reported you and the administrator who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they've never met in person
working group i is responsible for assessing scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change
the island chain is part of the hebrides .
orton and his wife welcomed their daughter alanna marie orton on july 12th 2008
formal minor planet designations are numbers and names that are overseen by the minor planet center .
on september 30 , wind shear started to dramatically increase and a weakening trend started .
each entry has a datum which is a copy of the datum in some backing store .
In order to avoid any disagreements , mosques usually do not enforce violations but both men and women must abide by these guidelines when attending one .
mariel of redwall is a novel by brian jacques about a young mouse who sets out to find her family .
ryan prosser was born on 10th july 1988 and is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership.
like previous assessment reports , the fourth one is from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris .
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the rest of victoria 's reign .
the international fight league was an american mma promotion billed as the world 's first mma league .
giardia lamblia is a parasite that lives in the small intestine and causes giardiasis .
other than this , cameron has often worked in christian-themed productions such as the post-rapture films left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force and left behind : world at war in which he plays cameron " buck " williams
this was the area east of the mouth of the vistula river .
after graduating from university he came back to yerevan and taught at the conservatory and later he was appointed the artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew and the gospel of luke .
weelkes was later to get into trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and bad behavior .
so far the ' celebrity ' episodes have included vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
it was discovered by stephen p. synnott in pictures from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5 , 1979 while orbiting around jupiter .
gomaespuma was a spanish radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser
the official release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website on june 16th 2009 .
he is also a member of another boyband 183 club .
the apostolic tradition is a claim that the theologian hippolytus sang hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts .
in return , rollo swore loyalty to charles and converted to christianity . He also agreed to protect the northern region of france against the incursions of other viking groups .
it is an american english pronunciation of the voice of america
disney received a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones from a 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid to be found by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is a district in the canton of graubünden
it is the bohemian part of switzerland in the czech republic .
this can lead to consumer confusion when people think that 1,048,576 bytes is equal to 1 megabyte .
the incident has been the subject of a number of reports on the ethics of scholarship
they usually are castrated so that the animal will be less likely to be aggressive or to put on weight more quickly .
Seventh sons have strong magical abilities and are both very rare and powerful .
benchmarking conducted by passmark software has shown that the 2009 version has a 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory utilization .
volterra is a town in the tuscany region of Italy .
historically , itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other until recently where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain but exhibits notable differences
the tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous .
the same tram had derailed on 30 may 2006 at star gate loop during previous trials .
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers , outside the stadium .
take the square root of the variance
volunteers provided food and shelter for the people at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the pays-de-la-loire department in the region of french west-central france .
if there are no strong land use controls , buildings are built along a bypass , making it an ordinary street .
it is also a good starting point for those who want to explore cooktown and cape york peninsula and the atherton tableland .
bruises often cause pain but are not usually dangerous .
none of the authors of these pages , contributors to these pages , sponsors of these pages , administrators of these pages , or anyone else connected with wikipedia can be held responsible for what you do with the information on these pages .
george frideric handel was also the kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover who eventually became george i of great britain .
their eyes are not too big and their vision is not too good .
they are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin .
oregano is a common ingredient in greek cuisine .
tickets can be sold for national rail services , the docklands light railway and on the oyster card .
these works were produced and published by himself , whereas his larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work .
the historical method is the way historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and then to write history
the sheer weight of the icecap that sits on top of lake vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .
as of 2000 , the population was 89,148 people .
aliteracy is the state of being able to read but not being interested in doing so .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid that is used as a pharmaceutical .
it will then come out of the water and sink back to the river bottom to eat and wait for its next meal .
furthermore , research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it is someone they know , trust , or care about .
today , landis ' father has become a big fan of his son and regards himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans .
shortly after attaining category 4 status , the outer convection of the hurricane became less organized .
the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage that employers would have to pay to get that type of labor .
they convinced that the grounds were haunted and so they decided to publish their findings in a book as an adventure under the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he moved to london and began to devote himself chiefly to teaching practical matters .
brunstad has a few fast food restaurants and a cafeteria-style restaurant .
he left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region
1438 - the town passed from the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia and from then on its history was merged with that of the states of the church and finally in 1860 with the united kingdom of italy .
the depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation without convection , and dissipated the next day over brazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was a police agency in new york city from 1952 to 1995 .
the current lineup of the band is flynn vocals, guitar, bass, phil demmel guitar, and dave mcclain drums.
advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation
the new characters are just like the old ones .
johan was also the original bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall but quit before the band ever released a studio album .
in 1998 , culver ran for secretary of state in iowa and won .
in 1990 , mark messier won the hart trophy by a margin of two votes over ray bourque .
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he defies that law , and unintentionally initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home .
the female equivalent is a daughter
he was diagnosed with cancer in April 1999 .
before the storm arrived , the national park service closed visitor centers and campsites along the outer banks .
speed chess is a type of chess that is played in which each player has twelve minutes for the whole game .
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries
the two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
severe damage extended up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .
because the owner is usually unaware , these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies .
the wave traveled across the atlantic and formed a tropical depression off the north coast of haiti on september 13 .
for example , the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated every year .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew, gospel of mark, gospel of luke and gospel of john, probably written between ad 65 and 100.
since the end of the 19th century , eschelbronn has been well known for its furniture manufacturing industry .
the upper half of the logo also looks like the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
unlike the clouds on earth which are made of crystals of ice , neptune has cirrus clouds which are made of crystals of frozen methane .
their participation is limited until they reach the legal age of adulthood .
development releases are rare , but there are often stable snapshots which can be used .
in 1482 the order dispatched him to Florence , the city of his destiny .
in the soviet years , the bolsheviks destroyed two of the most important landmarks in rostov - the st alexander nevsky cathedral in 1908 and the st george cathedral in nakhichevan in 1807 .
he died on may 29 in madrid and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .
this was demonstrated in the miller-urey experiment by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953 .
cogeneration is the use of a heat engine or a power station to generate both electricity and useful heat .
sometimes a second male will be let into the den ; the reason for this is unknown .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript or css snippet that can be enabled simply by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
here are some links to help you get involved .
he served as prime minister of egypt twice between 1945 and 1946 and 1948 .
she was left behind with no explanations for this .
james i appointed him to the gentleman of the chapel royal in at least 1615 and until his death .
chauvin was embarrassed to receive the award and initially said he may not accept it .
later , Esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as the end goal itself , even if Esperanto is never adopted by the united nations or other international organizations .
the dry air around the south of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on september 12 .
calvin baker is an american author of novels .
eva anna paula braun , who died eva anna paula hitler  on february 6th 1912 and was the companion and, for a brief time, wife of adolf hitler .
each license has a different version number .
most irc servers don't require people to register an account , but a person needs to set a nickname before connecting .
that same year he also got a mechanic certificate , becoming the youngest certified airplane mechanic in new york city .
summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling event that will be produced by world wrestling entertainment  wwe  , and will be held at staples center in los angeles , california on august 23rd.
he is usually bald with long whiskers and is said to be an incarnation of the southern star .
different animals have different ways of responding to different environments .
val venis won a steel cage match to keep the wwf intercontinental championship by defeating rikishi at 14:10 by pinning him with a tv camera from tazz.
this is similar to the unix philosophy of having many programs each doing one task well and working together over a universal interface .
he comes from a musical family ; his mother was an administrative assistant and singer , and his father was a band director at yale .
the largest populations of mennonites are in canada the united states and democratic republic of congo but there are mennonites in at least 51 countries on six continents .
naas is a major town close to dublin in the " dublin suburb " area .
acanthopholis 's armour was made up of oval plates that were set almost horizontally into the skin with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area and along the spine .
origin irmo was founded in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
bills proposed by the law commission usually start in the house of lords .
in the years before his final release in 1474 , when he began preparations for the reconquest of wallachia , Vlad lived with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital .
you can add a sentence or two as a front cover text and a few more on the back cover
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip, illinois.
bone marrow is the soft tissue found in the inside of bones
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red .
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse department in southern France , in the area around the coast of Provence and the Alps .
macgruber starts asking for simple objects to try and disarm the bomb , but he is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life that makes him run out of time .
this was finished when messiaen died , and yvonne loriod took on the job of orchestrating the final movement with the help of george benjamin .
shi'ites believe that karbala is one of the holiest cities for them , after Mecca Medina Jerusalem and Najaf .
the pad called for the resignation of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat .
however , travel through very remote areas requires advance planning and the use of a reliable vehicle - usually a four wheel drive .
while he was at kahn he was chief architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal and dr. schön leaves too .
britpop emerged from the British independent music scene in the early 1990s and was identified by bands that were influenced by British guitar pop music from the 1960s and 1970s
battalions were being formed for the xi international brigade .
the sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines , and shorter trains are run .
it has a capacity of 98,772 people , making it the largest stadium in europe and the eleventh largest in the world .
in december 1967 , ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of israel .
some articles are long and detailed while others are shorter and may only contain a few facts .
about 95 species are currently accepted by biologists .
eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill ".
terms such as " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are often heard in english .
jurisdiction is based on public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society .
he followed this with several other pieces about minnehaha : the death of hiawatha , the overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is aracaju
despite this , farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade .
gumbasia was created in the style that vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles
the lawyer brandon waise lee became his idol and mk sun grew up to be a lawyer .
the isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located in the cowra area of new south wales in cabonne shire.
donaldson enlisted in the australian army on 18 june 2002
prospectors from all over the United States , Europe and China were digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes .
before the advent of pocket calculators , it was the most commonly used tool for calculations in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display , better battery life , faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters .
yoghurt is a dairy product that is made by bacteria fermenting milk .
seventy-five defencemen have been inducted into the hall of fame more than any other position , while only 35 goaltenders have been.
alternative views about the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries, but they have all been rejected by mainstream christian bodies.
the album was not popular with many record stores nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle .
in 2004 , suleman made headlines by cutting howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations .
the company opened twice as many restaurants in canada as mcdonald 's did during their 2005 ipo announcement , and they also had more system-wide sales by 2002 than mcdonald's did in Canada at that time .
plot captain caleb holt is a firefighter in albany , georgia and he always remembers the cardinal rule of all firefighters : " never leave your partner behind ."
he won the presidential election on march 2nd with 71.25% of the popular vote .
the plant is a living fossil .
in 1990 , she was the only entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia .
stravinsky first thought of writing a ballet in 1913 .
the protests were suppressed across the nation .
operettas like orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène were very popular in both france and the english-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles that are from the Tang Dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of chang an in modern-day xian .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux was born on february 13 , 1921 and died on november 11 , 1968 .
by most accounts the instrument was hard to control .
santa maria maggiore is the earliest extant church in assisi .
radar observations indicate that the iron-nickel composition is fairly pure .
railway gazette international is a monthly journal that covers the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries worldwide .
he was appointed companion of honour in 1988
loèche harbours the installations of the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small folder that includes a quantity of matches and has a rough surface on the outside .
she was among the first doctors to object to smoking and drug use around children and pregnant women
definitely , she vowed to never give up the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
there is a manga series about graystripe that is three volumes long and follows him between the time he was taken by twolegs in dawn and when he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
samovar & porter 1994 , p. 84 - many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with americans on a daily basis .
he was also known for his prints , covers , posters , and furniture made from garden metal
she had a lot of sickness during her childhood , including two collapses of her lungs and pneumonia several times a year .
dr. david lindenmeyer australian national university has said that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable to conserve hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team in montreal , quebec canada.
small value inductors can also be made on integrated circuits the same way as transistors are .
the gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species , especially the first species described from norway by rathke in 1799 .
the wounds inflicted by a club are usually known as blunt-force trauma injuries .
thereafter the county 's administration was conducted in duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has yet accomplished a quadruple axel in a competition .
from the telephone exchange , the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations in the harbour
even if someone enters a mosque without the intention of praying , there are still rules that apply
it is described as a small, pointed object .
computer performance is measured by how much work a computer does compared to how much time and resources it uses .
some of the largest reservoirs in the world are found along the volga .
the crosier is a symbol of the monasteries in the region .
human skin can come in a variety of colors, from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , helped malala with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation
bremer claimed that they were planning to put saddam on trial , but they hadn't decided on the details yet .
the professional hockey writers ' association selects the all-star team .
tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan border afghanistan to the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south and china to the east .
nupedia was founded on march 9, 2000, by bomis, inc., a web portal company.
notable features of the design are that it has a key-dependent s-box and a complex key schedule .
iain grieve was born in 1987 in jwaneng in botswana and is a rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership
other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was proposed by two physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location
west berlin had its own postal service which issued its own stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro botticelli , circa 1482 .
new south wales 's capital is sydney
the polymer is most often epoxy , but other polymers are also sometimes used .
the name of the magazine and website live on as a brand for related digital content .
he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern italy when he was four-and-a-half years old for the next four years .
goals were eventually added behind each set of goals in the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernized .
a town can be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer has a market .
a stronghold was built later on the eastern approaches .
on july 29 , olav haraldsson lost to his pagan vassals in the battle of stiklestad .
others have theorized that tresca was eliminated because of criticism of the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union
this led to montenegro and serbia becoming their own countries .
use html and css markup only when it is necessary .
schuschnigg responded publicly that reports of riots were not true .
addiscombe is a suburb in the london borough of croydon, England.
a constituent is someone who resides in the area governed by a politician .
prunk is a member of the institute of european history in mainz and a senior fellow at the center for european integration studies in bonn .
he also had a cameo appearance in the french film taxi 3 as a passenger
instead they created a trailer with a cantilevered arm that they attached to the "hovercraft" and filmed the scene while riding up templin highway north of santa clarita
the conference papers were published in a book in the next year by phelps et al .
the wario land series is a platforming series that started with wario land : super mario land 3 .
frédéric chopin 's opus 57 is a lullaby for solo piano .
these attacks might have been psychological in origin rather than physical .
a historian says that " quinine 's effectiveness gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa "
furthermore , spectroscopic studies have shown that there is evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which suggests that the surface might be composed of rocks .
she became the authoritative editor of her husband 's works for breitkopf und härtel
mercury is similar in appearance to the moon : it is heavily cratered and has regions that are smooth .
the town is located in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
these habitats provide excellent habitat for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
dhaka was successively ruled by the turkish and afghan governors descending from the delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608 .
the prime minister only stays in office as long as they have the support of the lower house .
for rowling , this scene is important because it shows harry 's bravery and by retrieving cedric 's corpse he demonstrates selflessness and compassion
on june 1 , 1972 , he and two other raf members were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in frankfurt .
together they formed new music manchester , who are dedicated to contemporary music .
the intense hurricane caused a lot of damage in the upper florida keys .
it is now the site of meher baba 's samadhi tomb-shrine .
the collapsed dome of the main church has been restored .
in 2005 , meissner became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition
salem is a city in Essex County in Massachusetts , the United States .
there are 49 species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse that have been documented
saint martin is an island in the northeast of caribbean .
these pdfs cannot be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images .
in april 1862 , ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger for being part of an armed robbery while being in the company of frank gardiner
heavy rain fell on parts of britain on october 5th , causing localized accumulation of flood waters .
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to make a live usb where the user 's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired .
in approximate relation to their respective strength in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : the free democratic party  fdp  : 2 members , the christian democratic people 's party  cvp  : 2 members , the social democratic party  sp  : 2 members , and the swiss people 's party  svp  : 1 member .
a fee is the price one pays for services , such as the honorarium paid to a doctor or lawyer .
the library system at ohio state covers twenty-one libraries located on the columbus campus
in other news , both iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway , but Scotland was able to repulse a Norwegian invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement .
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in april 2000 , minix became free and open source software under a permissive free software license , but by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities , and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists .
The body color can vary from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white . Sometimes, it has dark brown spots, especially on the limbs .
the britannica was primarily a british enterprise , as symbolized by its thistle logo .
the warning issued on september 22 covered a wider area than the area that was hit by jose the next day .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune claimed that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders had confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the early stages of combat .
the later provided audiences with information about the film that was later provided by intertitles .
that's because underground economies , businesses and other assets in the third world can not be used to raise money to finance industrial and commercial expansion
he ran away from sydney cove several times before he was shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan ordered the police to surrender .
before the second game started , the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance hadn't been up to veeck 's usual promotional standards
in a short video promoting charity equality now , joss whedon said " fray is coming back ."
a mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics
the sat reasoning test is a standardized test for college admissions in the usa .
the civil unrest in northern italy caused the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder .
some reports say that there are many factors that increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations .
his sentence is transportation to australia for seven years .
waugh writes that charles had been " in search of love " when he met sebastian , and found " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " .
her notorious friendship with russian mystic grigori rasputin was also a very important factor in her life .
the dorsal side is the side that is situated toward or grows off , the animal
berzelius coined the term " protein " after mulder noticed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of large molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang went into hiding for 16 months .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region of northwestern france .
color can be orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 an extension was added to the station , curving north from union station to near bloor street .
before 1980 , a railway section passed through the western side of the simpson desert .
it is located on the old portage trail which led through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk for arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both .
as the largest subregion in mesoamerica , it included a vast and varied landscape throughout the mountainous regions of the sierra madre and the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán
google subsequently made the comic available on google books and their website .
anyone may register a pedigree with the college , where they are carefully looked at and require official proofs before they can be changed .
the book was published in 1985 but was not widely adopted in classrooms .
he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 and 1994 and performed in china and india with them .
the napoleonic wars : austrian general mack surrenders his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm .
it has always been the economic center of northern nigeria , and a center for the production and export of peanuts .
most of the south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages .
meteora won the band multiple awards and honors .
after a brief stand-off , the wwf cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho
most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and his son robert b. sherman .
in the fifth century slavs started to migrate into the area .
from 1900 to 1920 many new buildings were constructed on campus , including buildings for the dental and pharmacy programs , a chemistry building , a building for the natural sciences , hill auditorium , large hospital and library complexes , and two residence halls .
winchester is the name of a city in scott county in illinois .
the name arzashkun seems to be the Assyrian form of an Armenian name that ends in -ka from a proper name arzash , which recalls the name arsene , arsissa , applied by the ancients to part of lake van .
out of 16,421 people who participated in the national casting , she was chosen to appear on the tv show .
the show aired on the abc network from its debut on september 21st, 1993 until march 1st, 2005 .
the latter device can be designed and used in less stringent environments .
gimnasia hired the first famed colombian trainer francisco maturana and then julio césar falcioni , but both were not very successful .
brighton is a city located in washington county in the state of iowa in the united states .
furthermore she has made several music videos , including " it girl " and " just lose it " by eminem
on june 24 1979 the town of glinde received its charter .
pauline returned in the remake of donkey kong for the game boy in 1994, and later in mario vs. donkey kong 2: march of the minis in 2006, although the character is now described as "mario's friend".
during childbirth the vagina stretches many times its normal diameter .
it was never recorded how old he was , but it is believed that he was born between 1935 and 1939 .
this quantitative measure indicates how much of a certain drug or other substance needs to inhibit a given biological process by half .
although the name suggests they are in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern , some of the bernese alps are located in the adjacent cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
there he had one daughter to ann e power .
during an interview , edward gorey mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists and lamented the fact that not many people knew about him .
the string can vibrate in different modes and every mode will show up as a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable also got an academy award nomination when he portrayed fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .
