the armed conflicts on one side are composed of the sudanese military and the janjaweed militia group , which are mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
jeddah is the main gateway to mecca , the holiest city in islam .
it is thought that the great dark spot is a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune .
his next work is about an eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black line and , attaching it to the ball , crawled away fast to the east , pulling on the line with all his strength .
he died six weeks later , on january 888 .
they are culturally similar to the coastal peoples of papua new guinea
since 2000 the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been given the colin mears award which has a value of £ 5000
Following the drummers are dancers who often play the sogo , a tiny drum that makes almost no sound and tend to have more elaborate – even acrobatic – choreography .
the spacecraft has two main parts : the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe .
alessandro " sandro " mazzola was born on 8 november 1942 in italy .
it was originally thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller crater .
graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943 and graduated with a degree in anthropology in 1943 .
However , the BZö differs a bit in comparison to the Freedom Party , as they are in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty but against an EU withdrawal.
many species had vanished by the end of the nineteenth century because of the european settlement .
in 1987 michael wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame .
dextromethorphan is a white powder that occurs in its pure form
Admission to Tsinghua University is extremely competitive .
today nrc is an independent , private foundation .
it is situated by the coast of the baltic sea , where it encloses the city of stralsund
he was also named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated .
five is a sport that originated in britain and is believed to have similar origins to other racquet sports
on monday king bhumibol was born , so throughout thailand on his birthday everything will be decorated in the yellow color .
both the names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland .
nevertheless , Tagore emulated many styles from around the world , including the craftwork from northern new ireland , carvings from the west coast of canada , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate john f. kennedy proposed the idea of what became the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she nows performs for president reagan in 1988 's great performances at the white house series .
perry saturn defeated eddie guerrero with chyna to win the wwf european championship 8:10 saturn pinned guerrero after a diving elbow drop
she stayed in the united states until 1927 when she and her husband returned to france .
despina was found in late july of 1989 from the images taken by the Voyager 2 probe
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he also completed two collections of stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
at the voyager 2 images ophelia appears as an elongated object that is pointing towards uranus .
the british decided to eliminate him and take the land by force
some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia do not follow official western australian time .
in architectural decoration small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays , which have been used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
the other cities on the palos verdes peninsula are rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
clank worried that the drek would destroy the galaxy , so he asked ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark in an effort to stop drek .
it is not a true louse
he advocates for the use of a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also tries to get interaction design recognized as a mainstream discipline .
it is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you , and the administrator who blocked you , are part of a conspiracy against someone who they have never met in person .
working group i is an organization that assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change
the island chain forms part of the scottish mainland and the inner hebrides .
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on july 12th 2008 .
minor planet designations are a number and name combination overseen by the minor planet center .
by early on september 30 wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began .
each entry has a datum which is a copy of the data in some backing store .
as a result , many mosques won't enforce violations but both men and women attending a mosque have to adhere to these guidelines .
mariel of redwall is a novel by brian jacques that was published in 1991 .
ryan prosser was born on 10 july 1988 and is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership.
like other assessment reports , it has four reports - three from its working groups .
their granddaughter helene langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris, and their grandson pierre joliot, who is named after pierre curie, is a noted biochemist.
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of victoria's reign and a lot of them were printed .
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts promotion billed as the world 's first mma league
giardia lamblia is the same parasite as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis is a protozoan parasite that reproduces in the small intestine and causes giardiasis .
besides this , he often works in christian-themed productions such as the post-rapture films left behind : left behind ii : tribulation force and left behind : world at war where he plays cameron "buck" williams
this was the area east of the mouth of the vistula river that was later called "prussia proper".
after graduating from college he returned to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he became the artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the bible accounts given in the gospel of matthew and in the gospel of luke
wellkes was later to find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and bad behavior
so far the ' celebrity ' episodes have included vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan
it was discovered by stephen p. synnott in images from the space probe taken on march 5, 1979 while orbiting around jupiter
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show , hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser .
on june 16 2009 , the release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website .
he is also a member of another boyband 183 club
the apostolic tradition , as attributed to the theologian hippolytus , is that early christian agape feasts would include the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain .
so rollo swore fealty to charles , converted to christianity , and agreed to help protect the northern region of france from other viking groups
voa is a special english service of the voice of america
disney received a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones from 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of graubünden .
it continues as the bohemian part of the czech republic .
this leads to confusion when the term 220 1,048,576 bytes is referenced as 1 megabyte .
the incident has been reported on numerous occasions as to the ethics of scholarship .
they are castrated so that the animal may become more docile or may put on more weight more quickly
seventh sons have special "knacks" ; these abilities are very rare and powerful .
benchmarking conducted by passmark software found that the 2009 version took 52 seconds to install and scanned in 32 seconds, and used 7 MB of memory.
volterra is a town in the tuscany region of italy .
historically , itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other until recently where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain but exhibits notable differences
because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous , the tongue is sticky and can catch ants and termites
the tram had derailed on 30 may 2006 at starr gate loop during the trials .
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich managers and english people , outside the ground .
take the square root of the variance .
volunteers gave food , blankets , water , toys for children , massages , and a live rock band performance to those who were at the stadium
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france
if there are no strong land use controls , buildings are built on a bypass , turning it into an ordinary town road and eventually it may become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid .
it is also the starting point for people who want to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
Bruises often cause pain but are not usually dangerous .
none of the people who wrote, contributed, sponsored, administered, vandalized, or otherwise connected with wikipedia can be blamed for how you use the information on these pages.
george frideric handel also served as the leader of the orchestra for george , elector of hanover who eventually became george i of great britain .
Their eyes are quite small and their visual acuity is poor
they are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin .
oregano is an essential ingredient in greek cuisine
tickets can be sold for national rail services , the docklands light railway and on the oyster card .
these paintings he made and published himself , whilst his much larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work .
the historical method comprises the techniques and guidelines that historians use to research and then write history
the weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake vostok is said to contribute to the high oxygen concentration
as of 2000 , the population was 89,148 people .
aliteracy is the state of being able to read but not being interested in it
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid that is used as a pharmaceutical .
it will then eat its food and sink back to the river bed so it can digest its food .
moreover , research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that they know , trust , and care about
today , landis ' father has become a strong supporter of his son and regards himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans .
shortly after attaining category 4 status , the outer layer of the hurricane became ripped .
the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage that is necessary to get the quantity demanded to be equal to the quantity supplied .
they decided to publish their findings as a book called an adventure 1911 , under the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont
he now lives in london and devotes himself principally to teaching .
brunstad has several fast food places and a cafeteria-style restaurant .
he left a unit of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region .
1438 - trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia and thenceforth its history is merged with that of the states of the church and then 1860 with the united kingdom of italy .
the depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation that was devoid of convection and dissipated the next day over brazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was a law enforcement agency in new york city from 1952 to 1995
the current lineup of the band comprises flynn , vocals ; guitar ; duce , bass ; phil demmel , guitar ; and dave mcclain , drums .
muslim-majority countries of the greater middle east are less likely to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation than are advocacy countries with a minority muslim population .
the characters are the same as the earlier characters, but with more foul language.
johan was also the original bassist for the swedish power metal band hammerfall but he left before the band ever released a studio album .
in 1998 , culver ran for the secretary of state position in iowa and won .
in 1990 , mark messier won the vote for the hart over ray bourque by a margin of two votes .
shade sets the plot of the novel in motion when he impulsively disobeys that law and unintentionally initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home , forcing their premature migration and his separation from them .
the female equivalent is a daughter
he was diagnosed with inoperable cancer in april 1999 .
before the arrival of the storm , the national park service closed the visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks .
speed chess is the form of chess that is played at a quick pace .
the amazon basin is the part of south america that is drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
extensive damage was done to the coastline of the atlantic and as far inland as west virginia
because the owner tends to be unaware , these computers are metaphorically compared to the living dead .
the wave traveled across the atlantic and formed a tropical depression off the coast of haiti on september 13th
for example , the stylebook of the associated press is updated every year .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew, gospel of mark, gospel of luke, and gospel of john. They were probably written between ad 65 and 100, and see also the gospel according to the hebrews.
since the end of the nineteenth century eschelbronn is known for its furniture manufacturing industry
the upper half of the flag also resembles the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
Neptune's cirrus clouds are made of crystals of frozen methane
their participation is limited until they reach the legal age .
development stable releases are rare but there are often snapshots that are stable enough to use .
finally in 1482 the order dispatched him to florence - the 'city of his destiny'
in the soviet years , the bolsheviks destroyed two of rostov 's most important landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral in 1908 and st george cathedral in nakhichevan in 1783-1807 .
he died on may 29 , 1518 in madrid and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .
this was demonstrated in the miller-urey experiment in 1953 by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey .
cogeneration is the use of a heat engine or a power station to generate both electricity and useful heat .
on occasion, a second man can be let into the den ; the reason for this is unclear .
a wikipedia gadget is a piece of javascript or css that you can enable in your wikipedia preferences .
below are some helpful links to get you started .
he was the prime minister of egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948
she was left behind explanations for this vary when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland
james i appointed him an organist in the chapel royal in 1615 and until his death in 1688
chauvin was embarrassed that he would receive his award and initially said that he may not accept it .
later , people who spoke esperanto began to see the language and the culture that was around it as an end in itself even if esperanto was never adopted by the united nations or other international organizations
the dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone began to erode the deep convection by early on september 12
calvin baker is an american author
eva anna paula braun , who died eva anna paula hitler  on 6 february 1912 – 30 april 1945 was the longtime companion and, for a brief time, wife of adolf hitler
each license has a different version number .
most irc servers do not require users to register an account but a user will have to give a nickname before being connected .
that same year he also received a mechanic certificate , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york city .
Summerslam 2009 is an upcoming pro-wrestling event produced by world wrestling entertainment WWE, which is scheduled to take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
he is usually portrayed as having a bald head and long whiskers .
a few animals have the chromatic response changing color in different environments, either seasonally like ermine or snowshoe hare or more rapidly with chromatophores in their integument like the cephalopod family.
val venis retained the wwf intercontinental championship at 14:10 by defeating rikishi in a steel cage match .
this philosophy is similar to the unix philosophy of having multiple programs that each do one thing well and that work together over universal interfaces .
he was born into a musical family ; his mother was an administrative assistant and singer , and his father was a band director at yale .
the largest populations of mennonites are in canada , the democratic republic of congo and the united states , but mennonites can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the populace of those countries .
naas is a town in the " dublin suburb " of naas .
acanthopholis armor was made up of oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin with spikes coming out of the neck and shoulder area , along the spine
it's origin irmo was chartered on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
alternatively , bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the house of lords .
in the years before his final release in 1474 , when he began preparing for the reconquest of wallachia , vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital .
you may add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois
bone marrow is the soft tissue found in the hollow interior of bones
the scattering of light is more efficient for blue light than red light, so reflection nebulae are usually blue
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse department in southern france in the area of Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur .
macgruber starts asking for simple objects in order to make something that will disarm the bomb , but he is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life that makes him run out of time .
this was substantially complete when messiaen died and yvonne loriod undertook the final movement 's orchestration with advice from george benjamin
Shi 'ites Muslims consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca , Medina , Jerusalem and Najaf .
the pad called for the resignation of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat .
however , travel through very remote areas usually requires advance planning and a suitable , reliable vehicle usually a 4 wheel drive
while at kahn he was the chief architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal and dr. schön leaves with him .
britpop was british indie music that emerged in the early 1990s and was marked by bands influenced by british guitar pop music from the 1960s and 1970s .
this was absorbed into battalions that were being formed for the xi international brigade .
the sheppard line currently has fewer people using it than the other two subway lines , and shorter trains are run on it .
it has a capacity of 98,772 people and is the eleventh largest stadium in the world .
in December 1967 , ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of israel .
some articles are quite long and in-depth while others are shorter and may not be as detailed .
there are currently 95 accepted species of animals .
eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill ".
terms such as " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are often heard terms in english .
jurisdiction is based on public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of the society that they were created for .
he then followed this with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is aracaju
despite this fact, farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade .
gumbasia was created in a style that vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles
brandon waise lee became his idol and mk sun grew up to be a lawyer
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a historic township located near cowra in the central west of new south wales in the cabonne shire .
on 18 june 2002, donaldson enlisted in the australian army .
prospectors from california europe and china were also digging in the peel river and up the mountain slopes .
before the advent of the calculator pocket, it was the most commonly used tool for science and engineering .
the kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , 20% faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters
yogurt is a dairy product produced by the fermentation of milk by bacteria
seventy-five defensemen have been inducted into the hall of fame while only 35 goaltenders have been .
alternative views about the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries ; see below for a few examples .
the album was banned from many stores throughout the United States .
the legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle .
in 2004 , suleman made headlines by cutting howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations because stern often talked about his upcoming move to sirius satellite radio .
the company opened twice as many outlets in canada as mcdonald's did in 2005 , and system-wide sales also surpassed those of mcdonald's canadian operations in 2002 .
Plot captain Caleb Holt Kirk Cameron is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia, and he strictly keeps the cardinal rule of all firefighters: "never leave your partner behind."
he became the president of the us on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the popular vote .
the plant is a living fossil .
in 1990 she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia .
stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913
the protests were suppressed all over the nation
operettas such as orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène were extremely popular in both france and the english-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles with this symbol were found west of the ancient city of chang an modern-day xian .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux was born on february 13 , 1921 and died on november 11 , 1968 .
according to most accounts , the instrument was nearly impossible to control
st. mary the greater  is the earliest extant church in assisi .
the observations indicate that the iron-nickel composition is fairly pure
railway Gazette International is a monthly business journal that covers the railway, metro, light rail, and tram industries worldwide
he was appointed a companion of honour in 1988 .
loèche harbors the installations of onyx , the swiss interception system for electronic spying .
a matchbook is a small folder with a matchcover enclosing matches and having a rough surface on the outside .
she was one of the first doctors to object to smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women .
defiantly she vowed to never give up the commune , and dared the judges to sentence her to death
there is a manga series about graystripe that follows him between the time that he was taken by twolegs in the dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
samovar & porter 1994 , p. 84 - Syrians didn't congregate in urban enclaves ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with americans on a daily basis .
he was also famous for his paintings , book covers , posters , and garden furniture .
during her childhood she suffered from collapsed lungs twice and pneumonia 4-5 times a year .
david lindenmeyer australian national university has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that the logging practices are not ecologically sustainable ; conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum is key to that .
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team that is based in montreal .
inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors
the term gribble was originally used for the wood-boring species , especially the first species described from norway by rathke in 1799 .
the wounds inflicted by a club are generally known as injuries by blunt force
thereafter the county 's administration was conducted at duns until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has yet been able to complete a quadruple axel in competition .
from the telephone exchange the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations in the harbor .
even if someone enters a mosque without the intention of praying , there are still rules that apply there
it is a small , pointed object .
computer performance is measured by how much work the computer system can complete in comparison to how much time and resources it used .
some of the largest reservoirs in the world are located along the volga .
the crosier is a symbol of the monasteries of the region
human skin colors can range from very dark brown to very pale pink
bankers from shorebank helped yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation
bremer said that he planned to put saddam on trial , but he didn't say what kind of trial it would be .
the representatives of the hockey writers' association vote for the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan border afghanistan to the north ; iran to the west ; and pakistan to the south .
nupedia was founded on march 9th , 2000 by bomis , inc.
the design has a key-dependent s-boxes and a highly complex key schedule
iain grieve was born on 19 February 1987 in jwaneng , botswana and is a rugby union back-rower for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership.
other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was proposed independently by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring is decorated with golden chains and was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location .
west berlin had its own postal service , separate from west germany 's , which issued its own postage stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro botticelli, created in 1482.
sydney is the largest city and capital of new south wales in australia .
the polymer is usually epoxy , but other polymers such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon are also sometimes used .
the name of the magazine survived as a brand for related digital television channel , digital radio station and website which have survived the downfall of the printed magazine
at four-and-a-half years old he was left homeless on the streets of northern italy for the next four years , living in various orphanages and roaming through towns with other homeless children .
stands were eventually added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernized .
a town may correctly be described as a market town or as holding market rights even if it no longer has a market , provided the right to do so still exists .
an eastern bastion was built later .
events in europe on july 29 - the battle of stiklestad in Norway : olav haraldsson loses to his pagan vassals and he is killed in the battle .
others have theorized that tresca was eliminated because of criticism of the Stalin regime of the soviet union .
this resulted in both montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries .
use html and css markup only when necessary and only for good reasons .
schuschnigg responded to the reports of riots quickly by saying that they were false .
addiscombe is a suburb of the London borough of Croydon in England.
depending on the context , another closely-related meaning of constituent is that of a person who resides in the area governed , represented , or otherwise served by a politician .
prunk is a member of the institute of european history in mainz and senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn .
stallone also made a cameo appearance in the french movie taxi 3 as a passenger in 2003 .
Instead, the crew fashioned a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the "hovercraft" and shot the scene while riding on templin highway north of Santa Clarita.
the conference papers were published in a book in microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al .
the wario land series is a series of platforming games that started with wario land : super mario land 3 .
opus 57 is a lullaby for solo piano by frédéric chopin
these attacks may have been psychological in origin
a historian has stated that " quinine 's effectiveness gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa "
furthermore , spectral studies have shown evidence of water and silicates , which suggests that the surface is composed of rocks .
she became the authoritative editor of his works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury is a similar to the moon in appearance - it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains, has no natural satellites, and no substantial atmosphere.
the town is located in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
These forests provide excellent habitat for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
dhaka was successively ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors descending from the Delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608 .
the prime minister stays in office only as long as the lower house keeps supporting them .
this scene is important because it shows harry 's bravery and by retrieving cedric 's corpse , he shows selflessness and compassion .
on june 1 , 1972 , he and fellow raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were apprehended after a shootout in frankfurt .
together they formed the new music manchester , a group dedicated to contemporary music .
the compact and intense hurricane caused a lot of damage in the upper florida keys , as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region
it is now the site of samadhi of meher baba as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims .
the collapsed dome of the main church has been restored completely
in 2005 , meissner became the second american woman to jump the triple axel in national competition
salem is a city in Essex County in Massachusetts, United States.
49 species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been recorded .
saint martin is an island in the northeast Caribbean , approximately 300 kilometers to the east of Puerto Rico .
therefore , these pdfs can not be distributed without further editing if they contain images .
in april of 1862 , ben was arrested on orders from the police inspector sir frederick pottinger for being involved in an armed robbery while in the company of frank gardiner .
heavy rain fell on parts of britain on october 5 and caused localized accumulation of floodwaters .
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer so that you can create a live usb , where the user's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired .
In approximate relation to the parties ' respective strength in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : the free democratic party  fdp  : 2 members , christian democratic people 's party  cvp  : 2 members , social democratic party  sp  : 2 members , and swiss people 's party  svp  : 1 member .
a fee is the money that is paid to someone in order to receive services .
ohio state 's library system includes 21 libraries located on its columbus campus
in other developments , both iceland and greenland agreed to the ownership of Norway , but Scotland was able to repel a Norwegian invasion and negotiate a favorable peace settlement .
the singles from the album included " by the way " " the zephyr song " " ca n't stop " " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in april 2000 , minix became free software / open source software under a permissive free software license , but by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities , and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists .
the body color is medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and sometimes it has dark brown spots especially on the limbs .
the britannica was primarily a scottish enterprise , as it had a thistle logo .
the area covered by the warning issued on september 22 was increased southwards before it was canceled soon after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune said that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 bombs on iraqi republican guards during the early stages of combat .
the second provided audiences with information about what the film might have looked like, and can help historians imagine what it might have been like .
that is because assets in the underground economies of third world countries can not be used as collateral to finance industrial and commercial expansion .
he ran away from sydney cove several times before he was shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan ordered the police to surrender .
before the second game started , the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance hadn't been up to veeck 's usual promotional standard .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now joss whedon said that " fray is not done , fray is coming back ."
a mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test is a standardized test for college admissions in the united states .
the civil unrest in northern italy causes the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , songs sung by people who were wandering around punishing themselves
some reports state that various factors make it more likely that both paralysis and hallucinations will occur .
his sentence was to be transported to Australia for seven years .
waugh writes that charles had been " looking for love " when he met sebastian , and that " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " was a metaphor that informs the work on a number of levels .
her friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also an important factor in her life .
the dorsal side is the side that is either situated towards or grows off the side of an animal
the term " protein " was coined by berzelius after mulder noticed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single kind of large molecule
after the jerilderie raid , the gang hid for 16 months dodging capture .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern France .
color can be orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 an extension was added to the union station , curving north from it to near bloor street and queen 's park and turning west to terminate at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , a part of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed near the western side of the simpson desert
it is located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people who have cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia and sudden cardiac death or both.
as the largest subregion in mesoamerica , it included a vast and varied landscape from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán
google then made the comic available on google books and their site and mentioned it on their official blog .
anyone who wants may register a pedigree with the college where they are carefully examined and require official proofs before they are changed .
the book, 'political economy', was published in 1985 but it was not widely adopted in classrooms .
he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 and 1994 for their first-ever performance in the soviet union .
the napoleonic wars : general mack surrenders his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm , and napoleon captures over 30,000 prisoners and inflicts 10,000 casualties on the losers .
it is the economic center of northern nigeria and a center for the production and export of groundnuts .
most of the south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages - kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora received multiple awards and honors from the band .
after a brief standoff the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked kane and jericho .
most of the songs were written by richard and robert sherman .
in the fifth century Slavs started to move into the area .
from 1900 to 1920 many new buildings were constructed on campus , including buildings for the dental and pharmacy programs , a chemistry building , a building for the natural sciences , hill auditorium , large hospital and library complexes , and two residence halls .
winchester is a city in scott county in the united states
The name Arzashkun seems to be the Assyrian form of an Armenian name that ends in -ka, formed from a proper name Arzash, which recalls the name Arsene, Arsissa, applied by the ancient Greeks to part of Lake Van.
out of 16,421 participants in the national casting , she was chosen as one of the fifteen candidates to appear on the tv show .
it aired on the abc network from its debut on september 21, 1993 to march 1, 2005.
the latter device can be designed and used in less rigorous environments .
gimnasia hired the first famed colombian trainer francisco maturana and then julio césar falcioni but both had limited success .
brighton is a city in washington county in the usa .
furthermore , she has appeared in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem
on june 24 1979 the town of glinde got its charter .
pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 and later mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 although the character is now described as ' mario 's friend '.
the vagina is remarkably stretchable and can stretch to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth .
it is believed that his date of birth was not recorded , but it was probably during the period from 1935 to 1939 .
this quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance it takes to inhibit a given biological process or component by half .
although the name suggests that they are located in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern , there are portions of the bernese alps that are in the adjacent cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud
there he had one daughter , later baptized as mary ann fisher power .
during an interview , edward gorey mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists and lamented the fact that not many people knew about this fine artist .
the string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can produce different notes , and every mode appears as a different particle .
gable also got an academy award nomination when he portrayed fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty
