one of the sides in the armed conflicts is composed mainly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed .
jeddah is the main gate to Mecca , the holiest place in Islam for able-bodied Muslims .
the great dark spot is a hole in the methane cloud deck of neptune
his next work is called saturday and it follows an eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon
the tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord and , attaching it to the ball , quickly crawled away to the east , pulling on the cord with all his strength .
he died six weeks later on january 8th, 1888 .
they are similar to the coastal people of papua new guinea
since 2000 , the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been given the colin mears award which is worth £ 5000 .
following the drummers are dancers who often play the sogo a tiny drum that makes almost no sound and have more elaborate choreography .
the spacecraft has two main parts : the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe .
alessandro " sandro " mazzola was born on november 8th , 1942 .
it was thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham went to wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 and graduated with a bachelor 's degree in anthropology
however , the bzö differs a bit from the freedom party in that it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty but against an eu-withdrawal .
many plants had vanished by the end of the nineteenth century because of the arrival of europeans .
in 1987, michael wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame .
dextromethorphan is a white powder when it is in its pure form .
getting into tsinghua is very competitive .
today nrc is a private foundation
it is situated in the baltic sea , on the coast of the city of stralsund .
he was also named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated magazine .
five is a sport originating in britain that is believed to have its roots in racquet sports .
for example , on king bhumibol 's birthday throughout thailand will be decorated with yellow color .
both the names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of scotland
nevertheless , tagore emulated styles from many parts of the world including crafts from northern new ireland , carvings from the west coast of canada , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate john f. kennedy proposed the concept of what became the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she did a performance for president reagan in 1988 in the white house series that aired on the public broadcasting service
perry saturn and terri defeated eddie guerrero and chyna to win the european championship 8:10 saturn pinned guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
she and her husband stayed in the united states until 1927 when they returned to france .
despina was discovered in 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship was held on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he also completed two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
at the voyager 2 images ophelia appears as an elongated object that points towards uranus .
the british decided to kill him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia don 't follow the official western australian time .
small pieces ofcolored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays which have been used to decorate walls furniture and boxes .
the other cities on the palos verdes peninsula are rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
ratchet helps clank find captain qwark in an effort to stop drek , fearing that drek will destroy the galaxy
it is not a true louse .
he advocates the use of a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also tries to popularize interaction design as a mainstream field .
it is theoretically possible that the other editors who reported you and the administrator who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone they ' ve never met in person .
working group i assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain is part of the hebrides , separated from the mainland and the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on july 12th 2008 .
a minor planet designation is a number-name combination that is overseen by the minor planet center .
by early on september 30 , the wind started to change and a weakening trend started
each entry has a date which is a copy of the date stored in some back store .
as a result , mosques will not punish those who break these guidelines , but both men and women must obey them when attending a mosque .
the book mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel written by brian jacques in 1991 .
ryan prosser was born on 10 july 1988 and is a professional rugby player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership.
it has four reports from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris and their grandson pierre joliot is a known biochemist .
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp throughout victoria 's reign and a lot of them were printed
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts promotion billed as the world 's first MMA league .
giardia lamblia is a parasite that lives in the intestines and causes giardiasis .
besides this , cameron has worked in christian-themed productions like the post-rapture films left behind and left behind ii : tribulation force and left behind : world at war .
this was the area east of the mouth of the Vistula river .
after he graduated from university he came back to yerevan and taught at the conservatory there and later he was appointed the director of the armenian philharmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew and the gospel of luke .
wellesley was later to find himself in trouble with the cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and bad behaviour
so far the ' celebrity ' episodes have included vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
it was discovered by stephen p. synnott on images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5 , 1979 while orbiting around jupiter .
gomaespuma was a radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser .
on 16 june 2009 , the release date of the resistance was announced on the band 's website .
he is also a member of another boyband called 183 club .
the apostolic tradition , said to be attributed to the theologian hippolytus , says that in early christian agape feasts the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain should happen .
in return for this , rolando swore fealty to charles and converted to christianity in order to protect the northern region of france from the incursions of other viking groups
it is a voice of america special english .
disney received a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones from a 10-year-old actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of graubünden .
it is the bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .
this causes consumer confusion when 220 thousand 1,048,576 bytes is referenced as 1 megabyte .
the incident has been the source of numerous reports on the ethics of scholarship .
they are castrated to make the animal more docile or to put on more weight quickly .
seventh sons have " knacks "  specific magical abilities that are both very rare and powerful .
passmark software conducted benchmarking of the 2009 version and found that it took 52 seconds to install , 32 seconds to scan and used 7 megabytes of memory .
volterra is a town in the tuscany region of italy .
historically , itch and pain have not been considered to be completely independent of each other until recently where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain but exhibits notable differences
the tongue is sticky because of the mucous that contains glycoprotein , which helps to move in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites , which stick to it
the tram derailed on may 30 2006 at starr gate loop during the previous trials .
the statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson are both former ipswich town and england managers and they are both outside the ground .
take the square root of the variance .
volunteers provided food , blankets , water , toys for children , massages , and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the pays-de-la-loire department in the region of france .
if there are no strong restrictions on land use , buildings will be built along a bypass which will turn it into an ordinary town road .
it is both a starting point for exploring cooktown and cape york peninsula and the atherton tableland
bruises often hurt but are not usually dangerous .
none of the people who wrote , contributed to , sponsored , administered , vandalized , or anything else connected with wikipedia can be blamed for what you do with the information on these pages .
george frideric handel was also the kapellmeister for george elector of hanover who eventually became george i of great britain .
their eyes are small and their vision is poor .
they are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin .
oregano is an ingredient in many greek dishes .
tickets can be purchased for national rail services like the railway service and the docklands light railway .
these works he produced and published himself .
the historical method is the way historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and write history .
it is believed that the weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake vostok contributes to the high oxygen concentration .
as of 2000 , the population was 89,148 people .
alliteracy is the state of being able to read but not being interested in doing so .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid that is used as a pharmaceutical .
it will then dislodge and sink back to the riverbed to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
furthermore , research has shown that children are less likely to report crimes if they happen to someone that they know , trust , and care about .
today , landis ' father is a big supporter of his son and regards himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans
soon after becoming a category 4 hurricane , the outer convection became ragged .
the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the amount that is paid for that type of labor.
they decided to publish their findings in a book an adventure 1911 , under the pseudonym elizabeth morison and frances lamont
he moved to london and devoted himself mainly to teaching .
brunstad has a few fast food restaurants and a cafeteria-style restaurant .
he left a detachment of soldiers to garrison the newly conquered region .
in 1438 trevi became part of the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia .
the depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation without convection and dissipated the next day over brazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was a law enforcement agency in new york city from 1952 to 1995
the current lineup of the band is flynn , vocals , guitar , duce , bass , phil demmel , guitar , and dave mcclain , drums .
advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation than muslim-majority countries in the greater middle east .
the characters nows are foul-mouthed versions of their earlier charcters pete and dud .
johan was also the original bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall but quit before the band ever had a studio album .
in 1998 culver ran for secretary of state in iowa and won .
in 1990 mark messier , who was then captain of the nhl 's new york rangers over ray bourque by a margin of two votes .
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he does not obey a law and unintentionally initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home and his separation from them .
the female equivalent is a daughter .
he was diagnosed with cancer in april 1999 and it was inoperable .
before the arrival of the storm the national park service closed visitor centers and campsites along the outer banks .
speed chess is a type of chess that each participant has twelve minutes for the entire game .
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries
the two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
significant damage extended up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia
because the owner is usually unaware these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies
the wave traveled across the atlantic and formed a tropical depression off the north coast of haiti on september 13 .
for example , the stylebook of the associated press is updated every year .
the four canonical gospels are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke and gospel of john .
since the the end of the 19th century eschelbronn has been known for its furniture industry .
the upper half of the coat of arms also resembles the arms of the former district of oberbarnim .
Neptune's cirrus clouds are made of crystals of frozen methane
their participation is limited until they reach the legal age .
release is rare but there are often snapshots that are stable enough to use .
finally in 1482 the order dispatched him to florence - the city of his destiny .
during the soviet years , the bolsheviks destroyed two of Rostov 's most important landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral in 1908 and st george cathedral in Nakhichevan in 1783-1807 .
he died on may 29, 1518 in madrid, spain, and was buried in the church of san benito d'alcantara.
this was shown in the miller-urey experiment by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953 .
cogeneration is the use of a heat engine or power station to generate both electricity and useful heat .
sometimes the male " den master " will also let a second male into the den ; the reason for this is unknown .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript or css snippet that you can enable simply by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
here are some helpful links to help you get involved .
he was the prime minister of egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again in 1946 and 1948 .
she was left behind when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland .
james i appointed him gentleman of the chapel royal in 1615 and he served as an organist until his death .
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially said that he might not accept it .
later , Esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as ends in themselves even if Esperanto is never adopted by the united nations or international organizations .
the dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on september 12 .
calvin baker is an american author .
eva anna paula braun died eva anna hitler  on february 6, 1912, and was the longtime companion and, for a brief period, wife of adolf hitler.
each license has a number that distinguishes it .
most irc servers don't require you to register an account but you need to set a nickname to be connected .
that same year he also got a mechanic certificate , becoming the youngest certified airplane mechanic in new york .
summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling event produced by world wrestling entertainment wwe, which will take place on august 23, 2009 at staples center in los angeles, california.
usually , he is bald with long whiskers and is said to be an incarnation of the southern pole star .
some animals have a chromatic response - they change color in different environments, either seasonally (such as ermine) or more rapidly (such as with chromatophores in their integument, in the cephalopod family).
val venis retained the wwf intercontinental title by defeating rikishi in a steel cage match .
this is similar to the unix philosophy of having multiple programs that each do one thing well and working together over universal interfaces .
he was from a musical family ; his mother was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father was a band director at yale .
the largest populations of mennonites are in canada and the united states , but they can also be found in communities in at least 51 other countries on six different continents .
naas is a town located in the dublin metropolitan area .
the armour of acanthopholis consisted of large plates set horizontally into the skin with spikes coming out of the neck and shoulder area .
origin irmo was founded on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia newberry and laurens railroad .
on the other hand , bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the house of lords .
in 1473 , vlad began preparations for the reconquest of wallachia and stayed with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital .
you may add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text and up to 25 words as a back-cover text to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip, illinois
bone marrow is the soft tissue inside bones .
reflection nebulae are blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red .
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse department in southern france .
macgruber starts asking for things that are simple to defuse the bomb , but he is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life that makes him run out of time .
messiaen died substantially complete when this happened , and yvonne loriod undertook the final orchestration with the help of george benjamin
Shi'ites consider karbala to be one of their holiest cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
the pad called for the resignation of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat because they were thought to be proxies for thaksin .
however travelling through very remote areas requires advance planning and a suitable , reliable vehicle usually a 4WD
while at kahn he was the chief architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal and dr. schön leaves .
britpop emerged from the british independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by the british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s
this was merged into battalions being formed for the xi international brigade .
the sheppard line is less popular than the other two subway lines and shorter trains are used on it .
the stadium has a capacity of 98,772 people .
in december 1967 ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of israel .
some articles are longer than others and contain more information while others are shorter and may only contain basic information .
about 95 different species are accepted .
it is said that the name eugowra is derived from the aboriginal australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill ".
terms such as " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are commonly heard in english .
jurisdiction is based on public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its people .
he followed this with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , the overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is aracaju
despite this , farrenc was paid less than men for nearly a decade .
gumbasia was created in the style taught by vorkapich , kinesthetic film principles
brandon waise lee became his idol and mk sun grew up to be a lawyer
isbn 978-1-876429-14-4 is an heritage listed township located near cowra in the central west of new south wales .
donaldson enlisted in the australian army on june 18, 2002 .
prospectors from all over the US , Europe and China were digging along the peel river and up the mountain slopes
before the advent of the pocket calculator , calculators were the most commonly used tool for math and science .
the new kindle 2 features a 16-level grayscale display , longer battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a speech-to-text option to have the text read aloud , and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches .
yoghurt is a dairy product that is made by bacteria fermentation of milk .
seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame more than any other position currently in the nhl , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries, but all were rejected by mainstream christian bodies.
the album was not allowed to be sold in many stores nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle .
in 2004 , suleman made headlines by cutting howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations .
the company opened twice as many outlets in canada as mcdonald's did in 2005 and their system-wide sales were higher in 2002 than at mcdonald's Canadian operations .
plot captain caleb holt is a firefighter in albany and he always makes sure to stay with his partner no matter what .
he won the presidential election on march 2nd with 71.25% of the popular vote .
the plant is considered a fossil .
in 1990 she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia
stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913 .
the protests were suppressed across the nation .
operettas by franz , such as orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène , were very popular in both france and the english-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles that are from the Tang Dynasty with this symbol have been found in the west of the ancient city of chang ' an  in modern-day xian .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux was born on february 13 1921 and died on november 11 1968 .
most accounts say that the instrument was nearly impossible to control .
Santa Maria Maggiore is the earliest extant church in Assisi .
the characteristics radar observations suggest that the metal is fairly pure iron-nickel composition
railway gazette international is a journal that covers the railway , metro and light rail industries worldwide
he was appointed a companion of honour in 1988 .
loèche harbours the installation of onyx , the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small piece of cardboard that has a cover with a bunch of matches in it and a rough surface on the outside.
she was one of the first doctors to object to smoking around children and using drugs in pregnant women
definitely , she vowed not to renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death
there is a manga series following graystripe , from when he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he came back to thunderclan in the sight .
samovar & Porter 1994 , p. 84 - Syrians didn't gather in urban enclaves ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis .
he was famous for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden furniture .
she had a lot of health problems when she was a kid ; she had collapsed lungs twice and pneumonia 4-5 times a year .
david lindenmeyer australian national university has said that the need for nest boxes shows that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum .
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in montreal, canada.
small inductors can also be made on integrated circuits the same way transistors are made .
the term gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species described by rathke in 1799 .
the wounds inflicted by a club are usually known as blunt-force trauma injuries .
thereafter the county 's administration was conducted in duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has yet done a quadruple axle in competition .
from the telephone exchange , the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all the military installations on the harbour .
even if someone enters the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying , there are still rules that apply .
it is pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit
computer performance is measured by how much useful work is done by the computer system compared to how much time and resources it used .
some of the largest reservoirs are located on the volga .
the crosier is a symbol of the monasteries in the region .
human skin colors can range from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank helped yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer said that he had plans to put saddam on trial , but did not say what kind of trial it would be .
the representatives of the professional hockey writers voted for the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan are the countries that border afghanistan to the north , iran to the west , and pakistan to the south .
nupedia was founded on march 9th , 2000 by bomis inc .
the design has a complex key schedule and a key-dependent s-boxes
iain grieve was born on nineteen february 1987 in jwaneng , botswana .
other nearby settlements are pont-bellanger and beaumesnil
the quark model was proposed by two physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring is decorated with golden chains and was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location .
west berlin had its own postal administration which issued its own postage stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro Botticelli .
new south wales 's largest city and capital is sydney .
the polymer is usually epoxy , but other polymers such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon can also be used .
the name of the magazine continues to be used for a related digital brand including a tv channel , radio station and website .
he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern italy at four and a half years old for the next four years , living in various orphanages and roaming through towns with other homeless children
goals were eventually added behind each set of stands during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernised .
a town may be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it doesn't have a market anymore, provided the right to do so still exists.
a fortress on the eastern approaches was built later .
on july 29, 2017 , the battle of stiklestad took place in norway .
others believe that tresca was eliminated by the nkvd because he criticized the stalin regime of the soviet union .
this led to the independence of both montenegro and serbia .
use html and css sparingly and only when it is necessary .
schuschnigg immediately responded that the reports of riots were false .
addiscombe is a suburb in the croydon borough of london .
depending on the context , another related meaning of constituent is that of a citizen who lives in the area governed , represented , or otherwise served by a politician .
prunk is a member of the institute of european history in mainz and a senior fellow at the center for european integration studies in bonn .
stallone also had a cameo appearance in the french film taxi 3 as a passenger
instead the crew fashioned a trailer with a cantilevered arm and shot the scene while riding on templin highway north of santa clarita
the conference papers were published in a book the next year by phelps et al
wario land is a platforming series that started with wario land : super mario land 3
opus 57 is a berceuse for solo piano by frédéric chopin
these attacks may have been psychological in origin .
a historian stated that " quinine 's efficacy gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa "
furthermore , spectroscopic studies have shown that there is evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates which suggests that the surface is made of rocks .
she became the authoritative editor of his works for breitkopf und härtel
mercury is similar in appearance to the moon : it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains and has no natural satellites .
the town is located in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
these provide excellent habitat for chinkara hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was successively ruled by the turkish and afghan governors descending from the delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608 .
the prime minister only stays in office as long as he or she retains the support of the lower house .
for rowling , this scene is important because it shows harry 's bravery and by retrieving cedric 's corpse , he demonstrates selflessness and compassion .
on june 1 , 1972 , he and three fellow raf members were apprehended after a shootout in frankfurt .
together they formed new music manchester , a group that is committed to contemporary music .
the hurricane caused a lot of damage in the upper florida keys as a storm surge of about 18 to 20 feet affected the region .
it is now the site of the samadhi of meher baba and other facilities for pilgrims .
the collapsed dome of the main church has been restored completely .
in 2005 , meissner became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition
salem is a city in essex county in the state of massachusetts .
there are 49 species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse that have been found .
saint martin is an island in the northeast caribbean , approximately 300 kilometers northeast of puerto rico .
therefore , these pdfs cannot be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images .
in april 1862 , ben was arrested by the police inspector sir frederick pottinger on orders from the police force because he was involved in an armed robbery with frank gardiner .
heavy rain fell across parts of britain on october 5th and caused local accumulation of flood waters .
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb where the user can save their configuration and personal data if they want to .
in relation to the parties ' strength in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : fdp : 2 members , cvp : 2 members , sp : 2 members , and svp : 1 member .
a fee is the price that someone pays to receive services , especially the fee paid to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other professional person .
Ohio state 's library system encompasses twenty-one libraries located on its columbus campus .
in other developments , both iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of norway .
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in april 2000 , minix became free software under a permissive license , but by then other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities , so it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists .
the body color can vary from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white . Sometimes it has dark brown spots on the limbs .
the britannica was primarily a english enterprise , as symbolized by the thistle logo , the floral emblem of england .
the warning issued on september 22 was extended south .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune said that marine pilots and their commanders had confirmed the use of the mark 77 firebomb on iraqi republican guards during the initial stages of combat .
the latter was a company that provided audiences with information about the film , such as what it may have looked like .
because , in the third world , real estate , businesses and other assets in the underground economies can not be used as collateral to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion .
he ran away from sydney cove several times before being shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan ordered the police to surrender .
the press agreed that the " midget-in-cake " appearance hadn't been up to veeck 's usual promotional standards .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now joss whedon said that " fray is not done , fray is coming back
a mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test is a standardized test for college admissions in the united states .
the civil unrest in northern italy spawns the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , which are penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants .
some reports say that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations .
his sentence is to be taken to australia for seven years .
waugh writes that charles was " looking for love " when he first met sebastian , and found " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " .
her notorious friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also important in her life .
the term dorsal refers to the anatomical structures that are located on the side of the animal or that grow off of it .
the term " protein " was coined by berzelius after mulder noticed that all proteins seemed to have the same formula and might be made of a single type of large molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang went into hiding for 16 months avoiding capture
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados département in the basse-normandie région in northwestern france
color is orange to pale yellow .
an extension was added in 1963 that curved north from union station and went below university avenue and queen 's park .
before 1980 , a part of the commonwealth railways central australian line went through the western side of the simpson desert .
it is located on an old portage trail which led west .
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of having arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both .
as the largest subregion in mesoamerica , it encompassed a vast and varied landscape from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google subsequently made the comic available on google books and their site .
anyone may register a pedigree with the college , where they are carefully examined internally and require official proofs before being changed .
the book was published in 1985 but wasn't widely adopted in classrooms .
he toured with the ipo in 1990 and 1994 and performed in moscow and leningrad in 1990 and 1994
the napoleonic wars were a series of wars fought by british general napoleon against the french .
it is the economic center of northern nigeria and a place where groundnuts are produced and exported a lot .
most south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages - kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu
meteora was highly successful and received multiple awards and honors .
after a brief stand-off , the wwf cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho .
most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and his brother robert b. sherman .
in the fifth century slavs started to move into the area .
from 1900 to 1920 many new facilities were constructed on campus , including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs , a chemistry building , a building for the natural sciences , hill auditorium , large hospital and library complexes , and two residence halls .
winchester is a city in scott county in the usa
the name arzashkun seems to be the assyrian form of an armenian name that ends in -ka, which recalls the name arsene, arsissa, applied by the ancients to part of lake van.
she was chosen from among the 16,421 participants in the national casting , to appear on the cbs tv show .
its episodes were broadcast on the abc network from its debut on september 21, 1993 to march 1, 2005.
a later device can then be designed and used in less stringent environments
gimnasia hired the first and second famed colombian trainers francisco maturana and julio césar falcioni ; however , both of them had very limited success .
brighton is a city in washington county in the united states of america .
moreover , she has appeared in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24 1979 , the 750th anniversary of the village glinde , the town charter was given to it .
pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 and later mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 although the character is now said to be " mario 's friend ".
the vagina stretches a lot during childbirth .
his date of birth was never recorded , but it is believed it is between 1935 and 1939 .
this quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance it takes to inhibit a given biological process or component by half .
although the name suggests that they are located in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern , some parts of the bernese alps are in the adjacent cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
he had one daughter with ann e power .
during an interview , edward gorey mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists and lamented the fact that not many people knew or remembered about him .
the string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can produce different tones , and every mode will show up as a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable also earned an academy award nomination when he portrayed fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty
