one side of the armed conflicts is composed mainly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed militias recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
jeddah is the most important gateway to Mecca , Islam's holiest city , and able-bodied muslims are required to visit it at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is thought to represent a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune .
his next work is Saturday , which follows an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord and, attaching it to the ball , crawled away fast to the east , pulling on the cord with all his strength .
he died six weeks later on 13 january 888 .
they are culturally similar to the coastal people of Papua New Guinea .
since 2000, the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been presented with the colin mears award to the value of £ 5000 .
following the drummers are dancers who often play the soo-a tiny drum that makes almost no sound and tend to have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography.
the spacecraft consists of two main elements : the nasa cassini orbiter named after the italian-french astronomer Giovanni domenico cassini and the esa huygens probe named after the dutch astronomer , mathematician and physicist christiaan huygens .
alessandro " sandro " mazzola was born on 8 november 1942 in italy .
it was initially thought that the debris that was thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943 , when he graduated with a BA in anthropology .
however , the bzö differs a bit in comparison to the freedom party , as being in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon treaty but against an eu-withdrawal .
many species had gone extinct by the end of the nineteenth century with European settlement .
wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame in 1987
dextromethorphan is a white powder that occurs as a pure product .
admission to tsinghua is extremely competitive .
nrc is now organised as an independent private foundation .
it is located at the coast of the baltic sea, enclosing the city of stralsund .
he was named the 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated .
fives is a British sport believed to derive from the same origins as many racquet sports .
for example, king bhumibol was born on Monday so throughout Thailand will be decorated with yellow color .
both the terms were defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland .
however , tagore emulated many styles, including work from northern new ireland, haida carvings from the west coast of Canada, and woodcuts by max pechstein.
on october 14, 1960, presidential candidate john f. kennedy proposed the concept of the peace corps on the steps of the michigan union .
she performed for president Reagan in 1988 's great performances at thewhite houseseries, which aired on the public broadcasting service .
perry saturn with Terri defeated Eddie Guerrero with Channa to win the wwf european championship at 8:10 onSaturn pinned Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
she remained in the united states until she and her husband returned to France in 1927.
despina was discovered in late July, 1989 by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 September 1921 at brescia .
he also completed two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
at the voyager 2 images Ophelia appears as an elongated object on the major axis, pointing towards uranus.
the british decided to eliminate him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia , between the south australian border almost as far as caiguna , do not follow official Australian time .
in architectural decoration small pieces of colorful and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays , which have been used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
other incorporated cities on the palos verdes peninsula include Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estate, and Rolling Hills.
clank fears that drek will destroy the galaxy and asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark in an effort to stop drek.
it is not actually a real louse .
he advocates applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also tries to popularize interaction design as a mainstream discipline .
it is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you and the administrator who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone who has never met in person .
working group i assesses scientific aspects of climate change and climate change .
the island chain forms part of the hebrides , separated from the scottish mainland and from the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on July 12, 2008 .
formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the minor planet center .
on september 30 , wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began .
each entry has a datum - a nugget of data which is a copy of the datum in some backing store .
as a result , although many mosques will not enforce the guidelines , both men and women when attending a mosque must adhere to these standards .
mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques published in 1991 .
ryan prosser was born on 10 July 1988 .
like the previous assessment reports , the working groups' reports consist of four reports .
hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris ; and their grandson pierre joliot , who was named after pierre curie , is a noted biochemist .
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the rest of victoria 's reign and vast quantities were printed .
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts  mma  promotion billed as the world 's first mma league .
giardia lamblia and giardia duodenalis are synonymous with lamblia intestinalis and giardia deltoidalis is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonises and reproduces in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
aside from this , cameron has often worked in christian-themed productions ; among them the post-rapture films left behind : the movie, left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he plays cameron " buck " williams .
this was the area east of the mouth of the vistula river .
after graduating from college he returned to Yerevan and taught at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew - and the gospel of luke - specifically .
weelkes was later in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behaviour .
so far, the ' celebrity ' episodes have included vic reeves , Nancy Sorrell , Gaby Roslin , Scott Mills , Mark Chapman , Simongregson , Carol Thatcher , Paul O'Grady and Lee Ryan .
it was discovered bystephen p.synnott in images from the space probe taken on march 5 , 1979 while orbiting around jupiter .
gomaespuma was a spanish radio show hosted by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser .
the date was announced on the band's website on 16 june 2009 .
he is also a member of another boyband 183 club .
the apostolic tradition , attributed to the theologian Hippolytus , attests that the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts .
in return, Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and undertook to defend the northern region of France against the incursions of other viking groups.
it is from the voice of America .
shirley temple presented disney with a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones - all received as gifts from 10-year-old child actress shirley temple
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden , Switzerland .
it continues as the bohemian switzerland in the czech Republic .
this leads to consumer confusion when 220 1,048,576 bytes is referenced as 1 MB instead of 1 MB .
the incident has been the subject of numerous reports as to ethics in scholarship .
so that the animal may be more obedient or less likely to overreact during training or competition .
seventh sons have strong magical abilities and are both incredibly rare and powerful .
benchmarking conducted by passmark software highlights the 2009 version 's 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory utilization .
volterra is a town in the Tuscany region of Italy .
historically, the sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other until recently , where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain , but displays notable differences .
because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous , the tongue is sticky .
the same tram derailed on 30 may 2006 at Starr Gate Loop during previous trials .
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and England managers , outside the ground .
take the square root of the variance
volunteers provided food and blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france .
if there are no strong land use controls , buildings are built on a bypass , turning it into an ordinary town road and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid .
it is also a starting point for people wanting to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises often do not cause any real harm but are often very uncomfortable .
none of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, vandals, or anyone else connected with wikipedia can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages .
george frideric handel also served as kapellmeister for George, elector of Hanover who eventually became George I of Great Britain.
their eyes are small and their visual acuity is poor .
they are pitted as biological materials against chitin in toughness only .
oregano is an essential ingredient in greek cuisine .
tickets can be bought for national rail services and the docklands light railway .
these works he produced and published himself , whilst his much larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work .
the historical method involves the use of primary sources and other evidence to research and then to write history .
the sheer weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of the ice-covered lake vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration
as of 2000 , the population was 89,148 .
sometimes spelled alliteracy is the state of being able to read but not being interested in doing so .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound that is used as a pharmaceutical.
it will then try to dislodge itself and sink back down to the river bed in order to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
moreover, research has shown children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that he or she knows , trusts , and / or cares about .
landis ' father now regards himself as a huge fan of his son and sees himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans .
shortly after gaining category 4 status, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged .
the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage .
convinced that the grounds were haunted, they decided to publish their findings in a book under the pseudonym of elizabeth morison and frances lamont.
he settled in London, devoted himself chiefly to teaching .
brunstad has several fast food restaurants , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and its own grocery store .
he left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region .
in 1438 trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia , and thenceforth its history merges first with that of the states of the church , then 1860 with the united kingdom of italy .
the depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation devoid of convection and dissipated the next day over Brazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was an agency that existed from 1952 to 1995 .
the current lineup of the band comprises flynn on vocals, guitar, duce on bass, phil demmel on guitar, and dave mcclain on drums.
advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries of the greater middle east to use mosques as a way to promote religious participation .
the characters are foul-mouthed extensions of their earlier characters peeta and dud .
johan was also the original bassist for the swedish power metal band hammerfall but quit before the band ever released a studio album .
in 1998, Culver ran for Iowa Secretary of State and was victorious .
in 1990 , mark messier took the hart over ray bourque by a margin of two votes .
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he defied that law and started a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home , forcing their premature migration and his separation from them .
daughter is the female equivalent of son
he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April 1999 .
the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks before the storm .
speed chess is a type of chess played in which each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game .
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
moderate to severe damage extended up the Atlantic coastline and as far inland as West Virginia .
because the owner is usually unaware of what is happening , these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies .
the wave traveled across the atlantic , and organized into a tropical depression off the north coast of haiti on september 13 .
The stylebook of the Associated Press is updated annually .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke and gospel of john , probably written between ad 65 and 100 .
Eschelbronn is well known for its furniture manufacturing industry since the 19th century.
the upper half of the building also resembles the coat of arms of the former district ofoberbarnim .
unlike the clouds on earth which are composed of crystals of ice , Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane .
their participation is limited until they reach the legal age of majority .
stable releases are rare, but there are often snapshots which are stable enough to use.
finally in 1482 the order sent him to Florence , the ‘ city of his destiny ’ .
in the soviet years , the bolsheviks demolished two of rostov 's principal landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral  1908  and st george cathedral in nakhichevan  1783-1807 .
he died on may 29, 1518 inmadrid, Spain and was buried in the church of san benito d' alcantara.
this was demonstrated in the miller-urey experiment bystanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953 .
cogeneration is the use of a heat engine or a power station to simultaneously generate both electricity and useful heat .
on occasion the " den master " will also allow a second male into the den ; the reason for this is unknown .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript and / or css snippet that can be enabled by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
below are some useful links to facilitate your involvement .
he served as the prime minister of egypt from 1945 to 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948 .
she was left behind when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland.
James I appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal in 1615 until his death .
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially indicated that he might not accept it .
later, Esperanto speakers began to see the language and culture that they had grown up around it as ends in themselves , even if Esperanto is never adopted by the united nations or other international organizations .
dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on september 12 .
Calvin Baker is an American novelist .
Eva Anna Braun, died Eva Anna Hitler on 6 February 1912 – 30 April 1945. She was the longtime companion and wife of Adolf Hitler.
each version of the license is given a distinguishing version number .
most irc servers don't require users to register an account but users will have to set a nickname before being connected .
that same year he also got a mechanics certificate becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by world wrestling entertainment wwe , which will take place on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles , california .
usually portrayed as being bald and having long whiskers, he is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
some animals have chromatic response - changing color in different environments, either seasonally or more rapidly with chromatophores in their integument.
val venis defeated Rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the wwf Intercontinental Championship at 14:10 . Venis pinned Rikishi after Tazz hit Rikishi with a television camera .
this closely resembles the unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces .
he came from a musical family ; his mother was an administrative assistant and singer , and his father was a band director at yale .
the largest populations of mennonites are in Canada, the democratic republic of congo and theunited States, but mennonites can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the populace of those countries .
naas is a " dublin suburb " town with many people living in naas and working in dublin .
acanthopholis ' armour consisted of oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin , with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area , along the spine .
irmo was chartered on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the house of lords .
in the years leading up to his final release in 1474 , when he began preparations for the reconquest of wallachia , vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital .
you may add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version .
he is interred in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is the flexible tissue found in the hollow interior of bones .
reflection nebula are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red  this is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets .
monteux is a commune in the south of the vaucluse département in the area of the provence-alpes-côte d'azur .
macgruber starts asking for simple objects to make something to defuse the bomb but he is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life that makes him run out of time .
this was substantially complete when messian died and yvonne Loriod undertook the final movement "s orchestration with advice from george benjamin."
shi ' a muslims consider karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca , Medina , Jerusalem and Najaf .
the call for the resignation of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat , whom the pad accused of being proxies for thaksin .
however travelling through very remote areas , on isolated tracks , requires advance planning and a suitable , reliable vehicle usually a four wheel drive .
he served as the chief architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal and he and dr. schön leave .
britpop emerged from the British independent music scene in the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
this was absorbed into battalions being formed for the xi international brigade .
the sheppard line currently has fewer users than the other two subway lines and shorter trains are run .
it has a capacity of 98,772 , making it the largest stadium in europe and the eleventh largest in the world .
in december , 1967 , ten Boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of israel .
some articles are quite lengthy and rich in content while others are shorter  possibly stubs  and of lesser quality .
about 95 species of animals are currently accepted .
eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill ".
terms such as " undies " and " movie " are often heard terms in english .
jurisdiction derives its substance from public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society .
he followed this up with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , an overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is the city of aracaju .
despite this, farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade .
gumbasia was created in a style vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles .
brandon waise lee became his idol and mk sun grew up to become a lawyer .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a historic township located near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .
donaldson enlisted in the australian army on 18 June 2002 .
prospectors from California, Europe, and China were also digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes .
before the advent of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used tool in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 features a 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  .
yogurt is a dairy product made by a bacterial fermentation of milk .
seventy-five defensemen are enshrined in the hall of fame, more than any other current position, while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries , but all were rejected by the mainstream Christian bodies .
the album was banned from many stores nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle .
suleman made headlines in late 2004 by cutting howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations , citing stern's frequent discussions regarding his upcoming move to sirius satellite radio .
the company opened twice as many canadian stores as mcdonald 's " wendy 's confirms tim hortons ipo by march " , ottawa business journal , december 1 , 2005 , and system-wide sales also surpassed those of mcdonald's canadian operations as of 2002 .
plot captain caleb holt ( kirk cameron ) is a firefighter in Albany , Georgia and he firmly keeps the cardinal rule of all firefighters - " never leave your partner behind " .
he won the presidential election held on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the popular vote .
the plant is considered a living fossil .
she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudia Arabia in 1990
orchestration stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913 .
protests across the nation were suppressed .
offenbach 's many operas , such as orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène , were extremely popular in both France and the english-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles dating back to the Tang dynasty have been found west of the ancient city of chang ' an .
janine Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was a french organist , pianist , composer , and pedagogue .
by most accounts, the instrument was nearly impossible to play .
santa maria maggiore is the earliest extant church in assisi .
the radar observations indicate a fairly pure iron-nickel composition .
railway gazette international is a business journal published worldwide in the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries .
he was appointed a Companion of Honour in 1988 .
loèche harbours the installations of onyx , a swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small cardboard folder  matchcover  enclosing a quantity of matches and having a fine striking surface on the exterior .
she was among the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women .
defiantly, she vowed to never give up the commune, and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
the manga series graystripe 's trilogy is a three volume original english-language manga series following graystripe from when he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
samovar & porter 1994 p. 84, syrians did not congregate in urban enclaves ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with americans on a daily basis .
he was famous for his prints and book covers and garden metalwork furniture .
during childhood she suffered from collapsed lungs twice ; she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year ; a ruptured appendix ; and had a tonsillar cyst .
dr. david lindenmeyer at the australian national university has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable , for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum .
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in montreal, quebec, canada.
small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors .
the term gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species , especially the first species described from norway by rathke in 1799 , Limnoria lignorum .
bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries are generally known as blunt injuries
thereafter, the administration of the county was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has yet accomplished a quadruple axel in competition .
from the telephone exchange the port jackson district commander could communicate with all military installations on the harbour .
however , even to those who don't intend to pray in a mosque , there are still rules that apply
it is described as having a pointy head and being about the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by how much useful work a computer system is able to accomplish compared to how long and resources it takes to do that work
some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be found on the volga .
the cross symbolizes the monasteries of the region .
human skin colors can range from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , helped yunus with the incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial , but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined .
representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association voted to put the all-star team at the end of the regular season
tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, and Afghanistan share a border to the north with Iran, to the west with Pakistan, to the south with the People's Republic of China, and to the east with Tajikistan.
nupedia was founded on march 9 , 2000 , by bomis inc .
the notable features of the design include key-dependent S-boxes and a highly complex key schedule .
iain grieve was born on February 19, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana .
other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was independently proposed by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location .
west berlin had its own postal administration , separate from west germany 's , which issued its own stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro Botticelli .
new south wales 's largest city and capital is Sydney .
the polymer is most often epoxy , but other polymers , such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon , are also sometimes used .
the name survives as a brand for a related spin-off digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which have survived the demise of the printed magazine .
at four-and-a-half years old he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern italy for the next four years .
stood were eventually added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernized .
a town may be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it doesn't anymore hold a market , provided the right to do so still exists .
a bastion on the eastern approach was built later .
events on July 29 - the battle of Stiklestad in Norway - resulted in the death of Ogvald Haraldsson, the vassal of Norway who had aligned himself with the pagan vikings.
others have theorized that tresca was eliminated by the nkvd as retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime in the soviet Union .
this led to both Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries .
use html and css markup sparingly and only for good reasons .
he immediately responded publicly that reports of riots were false .
addiscombe is a suburb in the london borough of croydon , england .
depending on the context , another closely related meaning of constituent is that of a person residing in the area governed or represented by a politician ; sometimes this is restricted to citizens who elected the politician .
prunk is a member of the institute of european history in mainz , and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn .
Stallone also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead of building a traditional trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to it, the crew built a cantilevered arm " hovercraft " and shot a scenewith the crew riding on it up templin highway north of santa clarita .
the conference papers were published the next year in a bookmicroeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al .
the wario land series is a platforming series that started with wario land : super mario land 3 , a spin-off of the super mario land series .
frédéric Chopin's opus 57 is a lullaby for solo piano .
these attacks may have been psychological in origin rather than physical .
a historian has stated that " quinine 's efficacy that gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa " .
moreover , spectral studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which suggests a stony surface composition .
she became the authoritative editor of her husband 's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury is similar in appearance to the moon - it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains , has no natural satellites and no substantial atmosphere .
the town is located in the Limmat valley between the baden and Zurich mountain ranges .
these ideal habitats provide excellent chances for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was successively ruled by the turkish and afghan governors descending from the delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608 .
the prime minister is in office only as long as they retain the support of the lower house .
for rowing , this scene is important because it shows harry 's bravery and by retrieving cedric 's corpse, he demonstrates selflessness and compassion.
jan-carl raspe and holger meins were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in frankfurt on june 1 , 1972 .
together they formed the new music group manchester , which was committed to contemporary music .
the intense hurricane in the upper florida keys caused extreme damage in the region as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the area .
it is now the Shrine of Mentioned by the Messiah, as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims .
the collapsed dome of the main church has been restored completely .
meissner became the second an american woman to land the triple axel jump in a national competition in 2005 .
salem is a city in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States.
forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been recorded .
saint martin is an island in the northeast of the caribbean , approximately 300 kilometers east of puerto Rico .
because these pdfs contain images , they cannot be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images
in April 1862, ben was arrested by the orders of police inspector sirfred pottinger for participating in an armed robbery whilst in the company of frank gardiner .
heavy rain fell across parts of britain on october 5th causing localized accumulation of flood waters .
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a usb , where the user's personal data can be saved if desired .
in approximate relation to the parties' respective strengths in the federal assembly, the seats were distributed as follows : the free democratic party  fdp  : 2 members , the christian democratic people 's party  cvp  : 2 members , the social democratic party  sp  : 2 members , and the swiss people 's party  svp  : 1 member .
a fee is the price one pays as remuneration for services , especially the honorarium paid to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other member of a learned profession .
ohio state 's library system contains twenty-one libraries on its columbus campus .
in other developments , both iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of norway , but scotland was able to repulse a norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement .
the singles from the album include " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in 2000 , minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence , but it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists .
the body color varies from light brown to a golden yellow ; and sometimes, it is marked with darker brown spots , especially on the limbs .
the britannica was primarily a Scottish enterprise, as symbolized by its thistle logo and the floral emblem of Scotland.
the area covered by the warning issued september 22 was extended southwards as jose intensified , before being canceled soon after landfall .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune alleged that marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the initial stages of combat .
the former provides audiences with the sort of information later provided by intertitles , and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like .
because real estate, businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can not be used as collateral to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion .
he bolted from Sydney Cove several times before being shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan advanced to the police camp and ordered them to surrender .
before the second game got underway , the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance had not been up to veeck 's usual promotional standard .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now joss whedon confirmed that " fray is not over yet , fray is coming back .
a mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
the sat reasoning test formerly was the scholastic aptitude test and the scholastic assessment test was a standardized test for college admissions in the united states .
civil unrest in northern italy spawned the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants .
some reports say that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations .
his sentence was transported to australia for seven years .
waugh writes that charles had been " in search of love in those days " when he first met Sebastian , finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , a metaphor that informs the work on a number of levels .
her notorious friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also an important factor in her life .
it refers to anatomical structures that are either situated towards or grow off the side of an animal .
the term " protein " was coined by berzelius after Moody observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of large molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang laid low for 16 months evading capture .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern france .
color ranges from orange to yellow .
in 1963 an addition was added to the station , curving north from union station , below university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street , where it turned west to terminate at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed through the western side of the Simpson desert .
it is located on an old trail which led west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of having an arrhythmia or sudden heart attack or both .
as the largest sub-region in mesoamerica , it included a vast and diverse landscape , from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google made the comic available on google books and their site and mentioned it on their official blog along with an explanation for the early release .
anyone may register a pedigree with the college , where they are carefully audited and require official proofs before being changed .
the book was published in 1985 but had limited classroom adoption .
he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 for their first-ever performance in the soviet Union , with concerts in moscow and Leningrad , and toured with the ipo again in 1994 , performing in China and India .
the napoleonic wars : austrian general mack surrenders his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm .
it is the economic center of north nigeria and a center for the production and export of groundnuts .
more than half thesouth indians (55%) speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , Tamil , Telugu and Tulu .
meteora earned the band multiple awards and honors .
after a brief standoff , the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked kane and jericho .
most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .
in the 5th century, Slavs started to move into the area .
from 1900 to 1920 many new facilities were built on campus , including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs , a building for the natural sciences , a building for the medical sciences , a building for the engineering programs , a large hospital and library complexes , and two residence halls .
winchester is a city in scott county in illinois , United States .
the name arzashkun seems to be the form of an armenian name ending in -ka from a proper name arzash , which recalls the name arsene , arsissa , applied by the ancients to part of lake van .
out of 16,421 participants who were considered for the tv show , she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the show .
its episodes were broadcast on the abc network from its debut on september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
the latter device can then be used in less strict environments .
gimnasia hired the renowned Colombian Trainer Francisco Maturana but had limited success .
brighton is a city in the county of Washington in Iowa, United States.
moreover , she made several videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24 1979 the 750th anniversary of the village, glinde received its town charter .
pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 ; and later, in 2006, in the Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis game .
the vagina is remarkably elastic and stretches to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth .
his real date of birth was never recorded , but it is believed to be a date between 1935 and 1939 .
this quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance  inhibitor  is needed to inhibit a given biological process  or component of a process by half .
although the name suggests that they are located in the bernese Oberland region of the canton of Bern , portions of the bernese Alps are in the adjacent cantons of Valais , Lucerne , Obwalden , Fribourg and Vaud .
he had one daughter baptized as Mary Ann Fisher Powers , to Ann Powers .
during an interview, edward gorey mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists - lamenting the fact that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist .
the string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can produce different notes and every mode appears as a different particle : electron, photon, gluon, etc.
gable also won an academy award nomination when he portrayed fletcher christian in 1935's mutiny on the bounty .
