 in a military conflict , the sudanese are composed of military and a militia group of afro-arab abala tribes.
 jeddah is a gateway to mecca, islam 's holiest city.
 some people think the great dark spot is a cloud hole.
 a next work , saturday , follows an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
 the tarantula spun a black cord , and attached it to the ball , and crawled away to the east .
 in the year 888 ,he died six weeks later.
 they are related to the people of new guinea.
 since 2000 , the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has been presented with the colin mears award to the value of £ 5000 .
 the dancers are followed by drummers, who tend to have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography.
 the spacecraft consists of two main parts: the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe.
 mazzola -lrb- was born on november 8, 1942 .
 it was originally thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters.
 graham attended wheaton college from 1939 to 1943, when he graduated with a ba in anthropology.
 the bzö has some differences with the freedom party, as it supports a referendum about the lisbon treaty but against an eu-withdrawal.
 many species disappeared with the arrival of europeans
 wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame in 1987.
 dextromethorphan is a white powder.
 to get into tsinghua , you have to be competitive.
 today nrc is an independent , private foundation.
 it is located on the coast of the baltic sea , where it encloses the city of stralsund.
 he was named the 1982 sportsman of the year by sports illustrated.
 five-wicket cricket is a british sport with racquet origins .
 king bhumibol was born on monday, so on his birthday throughout thailand will be decorated with the color yellow.
 scotland's national museum and library became defunct in 2007 .
 however , tagore copied several styles , including craftwork from northern ireland , haida carvings from the west coast of canada -lrb- , and woodcuts by max pechstein.
 on october 14, 1960, presidential candidate john f. kennedy proposed the concept of what became the peace corps on the steps of the union.
 she performed at the white house for the president of the united states in 1988 . the performance aired on public broadcasting.
 perry saturn defeated eddie guerrero to win the wwf european championship after a diving elbow drop.
 she remained in the united states until 1927 when she returned to france.
 despina was found in late july 1989 from the images taken by voyager 2.
 a race was held on september 4 , 1921 , at brescia
 he wrote two collections of short stories called the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales.
 at voyager 2 , ophelia appears as an elongated object, with the major axis pointing toward uranus.
 the british decided to strike him and take the land by force.
 western australia has a couple of towns where the official time doesn't apply.
 in decorating architecture , small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays , which have been used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
 other incorporated cities in the palos verdes peninsula include palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
 drek threatens the galaxy, so ratchet asks qwark to help him.
 they are not true lice.
 he advocates applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also works towards popularizing interaction design as a mainstream discipline.
 it is theoretically possible that some other editors who may have reported you and the administrator who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they ' ve never met in person .
 working group i is the assessment group.
 the island chain forms part of the hebrides, separated from the scottish mainland and from the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch, the little minch and the sea of the hebrides.
 orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on july 12, 2008 .
 minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the minor planet center.
 wind shear increased dramatically in early september and a weakening trend began.
 each entry has a data -lrb- which is a copy of the data -rrb- in some backing store.
 as a result , even if the mosque does not force women to wear the hijab , both men and women must wear a scarf in the mosque.
 brian jacques wrote mariel of redwall.
 born on july 10, 1988 , ryan prosser is a professional rugby player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership.
 it consists of four reports , one of them from its working groups.
 their granddaughter helene is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris. Their grandson pierre is a noted biochemist.
 this stamp was the standard letter stamp for the remainder of victoria's reign , and vast quantities were printed.
 the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts promotion that was billed as the world 's first mma league.
 the protozoan giardia lamblia is synonymous with giardia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis.
 besides this, cameron has often worked in christian-themed productions , including the post-rapture films left behind: the movie, left behind ii: tribulation force, and left behind: world at war, in which he plays cameron 
 this was the area east of the mouth of the vistula river.
 he went to armenia after graduating , and then he was appointed as artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra.
 the christmas story is based on the gospels of matthew and luke.
 wellesley was later to find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behavior
 so far , the ' celebrity ' episodes have included , vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul 
 it was discovered in an image taken by voyager 1 , on march 5, 1979 , while orbiting around jupiter .
 gomaespuma was a spanish radio show hosted by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser.
 the official release date of the resistance was announced on the band 's website.
 he is also a member of the 183 band.
 in early christian feasts , it was believed that halleluia was sung to replace alleluia.
 in return, rollo became the viking king of norway, married a viking princess, converted to christianity , and defended france.
 voice of america special english
 disney received a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , presented to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple.
 the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft.
 graubünden is an administrative district in the canton of graubünden, switzerland.
 the czech republic was once the bohemian switzerland.
 the confusion in the usage of 220-lb-1,048,576-rbi bytes as 1 megabyte.
 the incident has been the subject of reports concerning ethics in scholarship.
 they are castrated so that the animal may be more docile or may put on weight more quickly.
 seventh sons have magical abilities , and seventh sons of seventh sons are extremely rare and very powerful .
 benchmarking done by passmark software show that the 2009 version of the system took 52 seconds to install , 32 seconds to scan , and 7 megabytes to use memory.
 volterra is a town in tuscany , italy.
 itch and pain were found to have similarities and differences , both being called sensations.
 the tongue is sticky because of the presence of mucous that both lubricates the movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites which adhere to it.
 the same tram had derailed at the starr gate loop on 30 may 2006 .
 there are statues of alf ramsey and bobby robson outside the ground.
 square root of the variance.
 people volunteered to provide food , blankets , water , children's toys , massages , and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium.
 voivre-sur-huisne is a commune in the department of the northwestern france.
 the bypass is as busy as the street it was intended to avoid .
 it is a starting point for people exploring cooktown, cape york peninsula, and the atherton tableland.
 bruises usually cause pain, but they are not normally dangerous.
 wikipedia administrators are not responsible for the content of wikipedia.
 george frideric handel also served as the director of music for george , elector of hanover -lrb- who later became king george i of great britain -rrb-.
 their eyes are small, and their visual acuity is poor.
 chitin is only as tough as proteins.
 oregano is an important ingredient in greek cuisine.
 tickets for the national rail services , the dlr and the oyster card can be retailed.
 he published and created works on his own, and some of his larger woodcuts were commissioned works.
 historians use primary sources and other evidence to research history and write history .
 a big weight causes a high oxygen concentration in the lake
 the population in 2000 was 89,148.
 the state of being uninterested in reading
 mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound used in medicine.
 it will then leave the river and go back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
 research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if the crime involves someone he or she knows , trusts , and / or cares about.
 today, floyd 's father has become a big fan of his son.
 the outer convection of the hurricane became rough
 the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage rate.
 persuaded that the house was haunted , they decided to publish a book under pseudonyms.
 he settled in london, where he devoted himself chiefly to practical teaching.
 brunstad has several restaurants , a cafeteria , coffee bar , and its own grocery store .
 he left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region.
 trevi became a church state , and in 1438 , united with the kingdom of italy .
 the depression moved inland on the 20th , but it did not have a circulation, and the next day over brazil , it caused heavy rains and flooding.
 the nyc housing authority police department was a law enforcement agency in nyc that existed from 1952 to 1995 .
 the current lineup of the band consists of flynn -lrb- vocals , guitar -rrb- , duce -lrb- bass -rrb- , phil demmel -lrb- guitar -rrb- , and dave 
 advocacy countries have a minority muslim population. it is more likely for these countries to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation .
 pete and dud were the filthy brothers of earlier characters nick and andy.
 johan also was a musician , he played bass in the swedish metal band hammerfall , but quit before they ever released a studio album.
 in 1998 , culver ran for iowa secretary of state and was victorious.
 in 1990 , mark messier defeated ray bourque by two votes .
 the main plot of the novel is set in motion when shade acts impulsively and breaks a law , thus initiating a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home , and forces his separation from it .
 a female is a daughter
 he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in april 1999 .
 visitors centers and campgrounds were closed before the arrival of the storm.
 a form of chess in which each competitor has twelve minutes for the whole game.
 the amazon basin is part of south america. it is drained by the amazon river and its tributaries.
 the two former presidents were charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
 some damage occurred on the coast and as far inland as virginia .
 the owner is unknowing , so he is metaphorically compared to a zombie.
 a wave traveled across the atlantic , and was organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .
 the associated press stylebook is updated annually.
 the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke and gospel of john . the gospel according to the hebrews , probably written between ad 65 and 100 .
 since the 19th century, eschelbronn has been known for its furniture industry.
 the top resembles the coat of arms of the former district of oberbarnim.
 the clouds on neptune are composed of crystals of methane .
 their participation is limited until they are considered adults.
 subversion stable releases are rare, but there are often subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use.
 he was sent to florence to do business.
 in the soviet period , the bolsheviks demolished two of rostov 's principal landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral -lrb- 1908 -rrb- and st george cathedral in nakhiche 
 he died in may of 1518 , in madrid, spain and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara.
 this was demonstrated by stanley miller and harold urey in 1953.
 cogeneration is the use of a heat engine to generate both electricity and heat simultaneously.
 occasionally , the male " den master " will allow a second male into the den.
 a wikipedia gadget is a javascript snippet that can be enabled simply by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences.
 there are links that will be helpful to you.
 he served as the prime minister of egypt from 1945 to 1946 and from 1946 to 1948.
 she was left behind when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland .
 in 1616 , james i appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal. he was an organist from at least 1615 until his death .
 chauvin was embarrassed by receiving his award and initially indicated that he may not accept it.
 some people saw the language and culture that grew up around it as ends in themselves , even if esperanto is never adopted by the united nations or other international organizations.
 by september 12 , the southern edge of the dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone had eroded most of the deep convection.
 calvin baker is an american novelist.
 adolf hitler's wife , who died of cancer , was born on february 6 , 1912 .
 each license has its own version number .
 most irc servers require users to set a nickname before connecting.
 in 1936 he was also the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
 summerslam -lrb- 2009 -rrb- is a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by world wrestling entertainment -lrb- wwe -rrb- , which will take place on august 23 , 2009 at staples 
 he is said to be bald , with long whiskers and an incarnation of the southern polestar.
 some animals change color according to environment , either seasonally or far more rapidly with chromatophores.
 val venis beat rikishi to retain the wwf intercontinental title .
 unix systems work well because they are easy to learn, easy to use, and contain multiple applications.
 his mother , laura , was an administrative assistant and singer , and his father , keith , was a band director at yale .
 mennonites are found in 49 countries around the world.
 naas is a town in the dublin area , with many people living in naas and working in dublin.
 acanthopholis's armor was made up of small horizontal plates with spikes sticking out at the neck and shoulder area, along the spine.
 i arrived in orlando, fl in october, 1998
 bills were proposed by the law commission, and then consolidated in the house of lords.
 when he began to prepare for the reconquest of wallachia , he resided in a house in the hungarian capital.
 you can add up to 5 words as a front-cover text and up to 25 words as a back-cover text to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version.
 he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois.
 bone marrow is the flexible tissue found in the hollow of bones.
 blue sky and red sunset are due to blue and red light scattering.
 monteux is a commune in the vaucluse department of southern france , in the area of provence - alpes - côte d' azur.
 macgruber makes a request to buy some objects , but he later gets distracted by something . usually related to his personal life . so he runs out of time.
 this work was substantially complete when messiaen died and yvonne loriod undertook the orchestration with advice from george benjamin
 shi ' a muslims consider karbala to be one of their holiest cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem and mashhad.
 the crowd called for the resignation of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat , whom the crowd accused of being proxies for thaksin.
 however, travel through remote areas is very difficult.
 while at kahn , he was the chief architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
 he is excused because he has to leave for rehearsal, and he and dr. schön leave.
 britpop emerged from the british independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterised by bands influenced by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
 this was integrated into the xi international brigade.
 the subway line has fewer users than the other two subway lines , and shorter trains are run.
 the biggest stadium in europe and eleventh biggest in the world is the rampla stadium in barcelona .
 in december 1967 , ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of israel .
 some articles are long and contain a lot of information while others are shorter and contain less information.
 about 95 species are known.
 eugowra was said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill ".
 terms such as "underwear" and "moving picture" are heard in english
 public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law , and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government serve to allocate resources.
 he followed this with several other pieces about hiawatha : minnehaha 's death , the overture to the song of hiawatha , and hiawatha 's departure .
 the capital of the state is aracaju .
 despite this, farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
 vorkapich taught kinesthetic film principles that are used in the movie gumbasia .
 a lawyer became a fan of the lawyer , and the young sun was a lawyer .
 cabonne shire is an historic township located near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia.
 donaldson was enlisted in the australian army on 18 june 2002 .
 california , europe and china were prospecting in the area of the peel river and on the mountain slopes.
 a pocket calculator was before the advent of a pocket calculator.
 the kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud, and overall thickness has been reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches.
 yogurt or yogurt is a milk product that is produced by bacterial fermentation.
 more than any other current position , there are 75 players in the hall of fame.
 many people think this way, but the view has been rejected.
 the album, however, was banned in many record stores nationwide.
 the legs are wider at the top, and narrower at the bottom.
 in 2004 , suleman made headlines by cancelling stern 's radio show, because he thought stern 's talks on satellite radio might distract him from making more r&b songs .
 the company opened twice as many canadian outlets as mcdonald 's " wendy 's confirms tim hortons ipo by march " , ottawa business journal , december 1 , 2005 , and system-wide sales also surpassed 
 albany , georgia firefighter caleb holt keeps the rule that all firefighters never leave their partner behind .
 he won the presidential election held on 2 march 2008.
 the plant is considered a living fossil.
 in 1990, she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia.
 the idea of writing the ballet came to stravinsky in 1913 .
 many protests across the nation were suppressed.
 over fifty-five operettas were produced during the 1850s and 1860s .
 roof tiles with the tang dynasty symbol have been found in the west of xian.
 j. m. demessieux , 1921-1968 , was a french musician.
 by most accounts, the instrument was nearly impossible to control.
 a church from the 15th century in assisi.
 the material in the meteor is mainly iron-nickel
 railway gazette is a monthly business journal covering the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries worldwide.
 he was appointed to the order of the companion of honour.
 loèche is the site of onyx , the swiss installation for the interception of electronic intelligence.
 match cover -lrb- matchbook -rrb-
 she was one of the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking around children , and drug use in pregnant women .
 she did not renounce the commune, so the judges sentenced her to death.
 graystripe was taken by twolegs , when he was a kitten , until he returned to thunderclan in the eyes .
 syrians did not gather in urban enclaves ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with americans on a daily basis .
 he was famous for his paintings , book covers , posters , and garden furniture
 in childhood she suffered from collapsed lungs twice , she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year , a ruptured appendix , and had a tonsillar cyst .
 an ecologist argues that nest boxes indicate logging is not sustainable , for conserving hollow-dependent species.
 montreal canadiens are a hockey team in montreal, quebec.
 integrated circuit inductors are also made.
 the word "gribble" is related to the word "worm".
 an injury inflicted by a club is known as a bludgeoning injury.
 thereafter , duns was the county town .
 no one has yet accomplished a quadruple axel in competition .
 the commandant at the telephone exchange could communicate with all the installations on the harbour.
 however , even those who do not intend to pray , there are still rules that apply .
 it is described as pointed in the face and the size of a rabbit.
 the amount of work done by a computer system in a unit of time compared to the time and resources used is called computer performance.
 the largest reservoirs in the world are along the volga.
 the monasteries of the region are symbolised by the crosier
 human skin colors range from very dark brown to very pale pink.
 bankers from shorebank helped the bank with the incorporation of it under a grant from the ford foundation.
 bremer reported plans to put saddam on trial , but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined .
 at the end of the regular season , the professional hockey writers vote for the all-star team.
 tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan border afghanistan to the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south and china to the east .
 nupedia was founded in march of 2000 under the ownership of bomis , inc , a web portal company .
 notable features of the design include a highly complex key schedule.
 iain grieve was born on february 19 , 1987 , in jwaneng , botswana . he is a rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
 there are two settlements near orleans , they are: pont-bellanger and beaumesnil.
 the quark model was independently proposed by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964.
 in 1938 39 , the column was moved to its present location and was decorated with golden garlands.
 west berlin had its own postal administration, which issued its own postage stamps until 1990 .
 the primavera is an italian renaissance painting by sandro botticelli , 1482.
 the city of new south wales 's capital is sydney.
 polymers such as epoxy are most often used , but nylon or polyester may also be used.
 the name survives as a brand for a related spin-off digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which have survived the demise of the printed magazine.
 he was four-and-a-half years old when he was left on the streets of northern italy. he stayed there for four years , moving from orphanage to orphanage.
 stands were eventually added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be renovated.
 a town may be called a market town or a town that has market rights even if it no longer holds a market, provided the right to hold a market still exists.
 a bastion was built later on the eastern approach.
 harald and his vassals are killed in the battle
 some people think that tresca was killed by the nkvd as revenge for criticism of the soviet union.
 this led to both montenegro and serbia becoming independent countries .
 don't use css markup sparingly and only with good reason
 schuschnigg quickly refuted the reports of riots .
 addiscombe is a town in the london borough of croydon, england.
 depending on the context, a constituent can mean a citizen living in a political district .
 prunk is a member of institute of european history in mainz, and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn.
 in the 2003 french film taxi 3 , sylvester stallone also made a cameo appearance as a passenger.
 instead, the crew fashioned a trailer and attached it to the " hovercraft ", and shot the scene while traveling on templin highway.
 the conference papers were published in a book microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al.
 the wario land series is a platforming series that started with super mario land 3 , a spin-off of the super mario land series.
 the piece opus 57 by chopin is a berceuse.
 these attacks may have been psychological rather than physical.
 a historian has stated that colonists moved to west africa .
 further studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which indicate rather a rocky surface composition.
 her husband became the authority of his work for the publisher breitkopf und härtel.
 mercury has a moon like appearance: it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains, and has no substantial atmosphere.
 the town lies between baden and zurich .
 these provide excellent habitat for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull.
 after the sena dynasty , dhaka was ruled by the turkish and afghan governors descending from the delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608.
 a prime minister stays in office as long as he or she retains the support of the lower house
 the scene shows harry 's bravery and by retrieving cedric 's corpse , it demonstrates selflessness and compassion.
 after a shootout in frankfurt , he and fellow raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were apprehended.
 they formed a group of people committed to contemporary music , in manchester.
 a hurricane was compact and intense, and it caused extreme damage in the upper florida keys. a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region.
 it is now the site of a tomb and facilities for pilgrims .
 the main dome of the church was restored.
 in 2005 , meissner became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition.
 salem is a city in essex county, massachusetts, united states.
 forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been recorded.
 saint martin is an island in the northeast caribbean , 300 km east of puerto rico.
 therefore, these pdfs can not be distributed if they contain images.
 in april 1862 , ben was arrested by inspector sir frederick pottinger for a crime that frank gardiner was involved in .
 heavy rain fell across some portions of britain on october 5, causing localized accumulation of flood waters.
 the version 2009.1 of a usb installer will create a live usb . The user 's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired.
 in approximate proportion to the strength of their respective parties in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : free democratic party , 2 ; christian democratic people 's party , 2 ; social democratic party , 2 ; swiss people 's party , 
 a fee is a charge one pays for services , especially the honorarium paid to a doctor, lawyer, consultant, or other member of a learned profession.
 ohio state has twenty-one libraries located in its columbus campus.
 the norse attacked scotland, but they were repulsed.
 on the album , there are " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
 in april 2000 , minix became free software / open source software , but by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities , and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists .
 the body is variously colored, ranging from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and occasionally , is marked with dark brown spots , especially on the limbs.
 the britannica was a primarily scottish enterprise, as symbolised by its thistle logo.
 jose was intensifying , but the area of the warning was later extended to include the southern islands of new caledonia.
 in august 2003 , u.s. marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the initial stages of combat.
 the latter offered a means of indicating information , and helped the historians envision what the film may have been like.
 that is because the underground economy of the third world cannot be used to raise capital for industrial and commercial expansion .
 he left sydney cove several times before being shot dead in 1796.
 ned and dan attacked the police camp , ordering them to surrender.
 the press did not think the midget-in-a-cake had been up to veeck 's usual standard .
 fray is not dead, fray is coming back
 a mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics .
 the sat reasoning test -lrb- formerly scholastic aptitude test and scholastic assessment test -rrb- is a standardized test for college admissions in the united states .
 people in italy get unruly, so the singing of penitential songs develops.
 some reports say that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations.
 his sentence was transportation to australia for seven years.
 waugh writes that charles had been "in search of love" when he first met sebastian , finding "that low door in the wall" ... "that enclosed and enchanted garden."
 she had a notorious friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin, and that was an important factor in her life.
 the term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are situated toward or grow off that side of an animal.
 berzelius found that proteins had the same empirical formula. he called the formula a -lrb-very large -rrb- molecule.
 after the jerilderie raid , the gang went on the run for 16 months evading capture.
 barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern france .
 color ranges from orange to yellow.
 in 1963 , a long extension was added , curving north from union station , below university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street , where it turned west to terminate at st. george and bloor streets .
 before 1980 , a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed along the western side of the simpson desert .
 it is located on a trail that led west through the mountains to unalakleet.
 cardiomyopathy patients often have arrhythmia and sudden cardiac death
 it was a region that spanned from the sierra madre to the northern yucatán
 google subsequently released the comic on its blog and its site and mentioned it on its official blog.
 one may register a pedigree with the college , where they will be internally audited and require official proofs before being altered.
 the book , political economy , was published in 1985, but had limited classroom adoption .
 in 1990 , he toured with the ipo for their first ever performance in the soviet union, performing in moscow and leningrad . in 1994 , he toured with the ipo again in china and india .
 napoleon marched on ulm , taking the Austrian general with him, leaving 30,000 troops and 10,000 casualties in his wake.
 it has been the economic center of northern nigeria , and a center for the production and export of groundnuts .
 many south indians speak one of the dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
 meteora won many awards and was honored.
 the wwf cavalry faced off and attacked kane and jericho.
 most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman.
 slavs began to move into the area in the 5th century .
 in 1900-1920 , many new facilities were constructed on campus, including buildings for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, hill auditorium, a large hospital and library complex, and two residence halls.
 scott county is in illinois , united states .
 name arzashkun seems to be the old form of arsineka .
 out of 16,421 candidates in the national casting, she was chosen among the 15 people to appear on the tv show.
 the show was aired on the abc network from september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
 a latter device can then be designed for a more stringent environment.
 gimnasia hired first the colombian famous trainer francisco maturana , but then the argentine famous trainer julio césar falcioni , but both had limited success .
 the city of brighton in iowa is a part of washington county .
 furthermore , she appeared in several music videos, including " it girl" by john oates and " just lose it" by eminem .
 on june 24 1979 , the village of glinde received its town charter.
 pauline was back in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 , and mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis was released in 2006 , although pauline is now described as " mario 's 
 the vagina stretches many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth .
 his real date of birth was never recorded , but it is believed to be a date between 1935 and 1939.
 this measures how much of a particular drug or other substance can block the activity of a process by half.
 the name suggests that they are located in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern, but some of the bernese alps are located in the cantons of valais, lucerne, obwalden, f there he had one daughter , baptized mary ann fisher power , who was later known as ann fisher power.
 during an interview, edward gorey spoke of bawden as a favorite artist, saying that he had "been long forgotten."
 the string can vibrate in different modes, and each mode appears as a different particle.
 gable also earned an academy award nomination when he portrayed fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .
 gable also earned an academy award nomination when he portrayed fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .