The sudanese military and the janjaweed, a sudanese militia group from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region, make up one side of the armed conflicts.
Jeddah is the main entrance to Mecca, the holiest city for Islam, which able-bodied Muslims must visit at least once in their lifetime.
the great dark spot is believed to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of neptune.
his next work , saturday , follows a busy day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
The tarantula, the trickster character, quickly pulled the ball eastward with a black cord that he had spun.
he died six weeks later on 13 january 888.
The people of the islands are culturally similar to the coastal people of Papua New Guinea.
since 2000 , the winner of the kate greenaway medal has also received the colin mears award worth £ 5000 .
After the drummers are dancers, who often use the sogo and perform more intricate choreography.
the spacecraft consists of two main elements : the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe , which are named after astronomers .
Alessandro "sandro" Mazzola was born on 8 November 1942 and is a former Italian football player.
It was believed that the debris from the collision filled in the smaller craters.
graham studied at wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 , and earned his ba in anthropology upon graduation.
However, the bzö differs slightly from the freedom party, as it supports a referendum about the lisbon treaty but is against an EU-withdrawal.
many species had disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century due to european settlement.
In 1987, Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
dextromethorphan appears as a white powder in its pure form.
It is very hard to get accepted into Tsinghua.
today nrc is organized as an independent, private foundation.
it lies along the baltic sea coast , surrounding the city of stralsund.
in 1982 , sports illustrated named him " sportsman of the year ".
Fives is a British sport believed to have the same roots as many racquet sports.
On King Bhumibol's birthday, Thailand is decorated with yellow to celebrate him.
the national museum of scotland was formed in 2007 by the merger of both names.
Tagore was influenced by many styles, such as craftwork from northern New Ireland, Haida carvings from the west coast of Canada, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, John F. Kennedy proposed the concept of the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She performed for President Reagan in 1988 for the Great Performances at the White House series, which aired on PBS.
Perry Saturn and Terri won the WWF European Championship by defeating Eddie Guerrero and Chyna, with Saturn pinning Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
She and her husband returned to France in 1927.
despina was found in late july , 1989 by the voyager 2 probe .
The first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship happened on 4 September 1921 at Brescia.
he also wrote two collections of short stories titled the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
voyager 2 images show ophelia as an elongated object , with its major axis pointing towards uranus.
The British decided to remove him and take the land by force.
some towns on the eyre highway in western australia between the south australian border and caiguna do not use western australian time .
small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used in architectural decoration to create mosaics and inlays , which have been used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
other cities on the palos verdes peninsula include rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
Fearing that drek will destroy the galaxy, Clank asks Ratchet to help him find Captain Qwark to stop him.
It is not a true louse.
he promotes using a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also works to make interaction design a widely accepted discipline.
it is possible that other editors and the administrator who blocked you are conspiring against someone they have never met in person.
Working Group I evaluates the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
the island chain is part of the hebrides , separated from the scottish mainland and from the inner hebrides by the rough waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his spouse had a daughter named alanna marie orton on july 12 , 2008 .
The minor planet center , a branch of the iau , oversees the formal minor planet designations .
on september 30 , wind shear began to increase rapidly and the storm started to weaken .
Each entry contains a datum, which is a copy of the data stored in a database.
when attending a mosque , both men and women must follow the guidelines set out by the mosque .
In 1991, Brian Jacques published the fantasy novel Mariel of Redwall.
Ryan Prosser  born 10 July, 1988  is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
the assessment report contains four reports , three of them from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot , named after pierre curie , is a renowned biochemist .
this stamp stayed the standard letter stamp for the rest of victoria 's reign , and huge amounts were printed .
The International Fight League was an American mixed martial arts promotion billed as the world's first MMA league.
giardia lamblia  also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis  is a protozoan parasite that lives in the small intestine and causes giardiasis .
Cameron has often made christian-themed films, such as the post-rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War in which he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
this was the region east of the vistula river , sometimes called " prussia proper " .
After graduating, he went back to Yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later became the artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the stories in the gospel of Matthew and Luke.
weelkes later got into trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his drinking and bad behavior.
so far the ' celebrity ' episodes have included vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady , and lee ryan .
stephen p. synnott discovered the moon in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5 , 1979 while orbiting around jupiter .
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
on 16 june 2009 , the official release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website.
he is also a part of the boyband 183 club .
The Apostolic Tradition states that Hallel psalms were sung with alleluia as the refrain in early Christian Agape feasts.
In return, Rollo swore loyalty to Charles, became a Christian, and promised to defend the northern region of France from other Viking groups.
It comes from the Voice of America Special English.
disney was given a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , which were presented to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid found by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is a district in graubünden canton , switzerland .
The area continues as the bohemian switzerland in the Czech Republic.
this causes consumer confusion when 220  1,048,576  bytes is referred to as 1 mb  megabyte  instead of 1 mib .
several reports have examined the ethics of scholarship in relation to the incident.
they are castrated to make them more calm or to help them put on weight faster .
seventh sons have special magical abilities , and seventh sons of seventh sons are very rare and powerful .
benchmarking done by passmark software shows the 2009 version 's 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory usage .
Volterra is a town in Italy's Tuscany region.
until recently , it was believed that itch and pain were the same , but it was discovered that they have many similarities but also some distinct differences .
The tongue is sticky due to the glycoprotein-rich mucous which lubricates movement and helps to catch ants and termites.
The same tram had derailed at starr gate loop during earlier tests on 30 May 2006.
statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers , stand outside the ground.
Find the square root of the variance.
Volunteers provided food, blankets, water, toys, massages, and music for those at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays-de-la-Loire region in northwestern France.
Without land use controls, buildings can be built along a bypass, making it an ordinary town road, and it can become as congested as the streets it was meant to avoid.
it is also a place to begin exploring cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises often cause pain but are not usually dangerous.
no one connected with wikipedia can be responsible for the use of the information in or linked from these web pages.
George Frideric Handel worked as a kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover who became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small and their vision is bad.
they are only matched in toughness by chitin when it comes to biological materials.
Oregano is essential in Greek cooking.
tickets can be bought for national rail services , the docklands light railway and with oyster card .
many of his woodcuts were commissioned works while his smaller works were self-published.
Historians use primary sources and evidence to research and write history using the historical method.
the heavy weight of the continental icecap on lake vostok is thought to increase the oxygen concentration.
The population in 2000 was 89,148.
Aliteracy  sometimes spelled alliteracy  is the inability to read but not being interested in reading.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid medication .
the fish will then detach and sink back to the bottom of the river to eat and rest until the next meal .
Research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know , trust , and / or care about.
today , landis' father has become a dedicated supporter of his son and considers himself one of floyd's biggest fans.
shortly after becoming a category 4 hurricane , the outer convection of the storm became disorganized.
The wage is the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor.
They decided to publish their findings about the haunted grounds in a book called An Adventure in 1911 under pseudonyms Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He moved to London and focused on teaching.
brunstad has many fast food restaurants , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and a grocery store .
He left 11,000 troops to guard the conquered region.
in 1438 trevi became part of the church's temporal rule as part of the legation of perugia , and since then its history has been connected to the states of the church , then in 1860 to the united kingdom of italy .
The depression moved inland on the 20th, losing its convection, and dissipated the next day in Brazil, causing heavy rains and flooding.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency that existed from 1952 to 1995.
the band is currently made up of flynn  vocals , guitar  , duce  bass  , phil demmel  guitar  , and dave mcclain  drums  .
Mosques are used in countries with a minority muslim population to encourage civic participation more than in muslim-majority countries of the greater middle east.
the characters have foul-mouthed personalities just like their earlier characters pete and dud.
Johan used to be the bassist of the Swedish power metal band Hammerfall, but quit before they released a studio album.
In 1998, Culver won the election for Iowa Secretary of State.
in 1990 , mark messier won the hart over ray bourque by a margin of two votes , due to one first-place vote.
shade's actions break the law and lead to the destruction of the colony's home, forcing them to migrate and separating him from them.
the female version is a daughter.
In April 1999, he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer.
The National Park Service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks before the arrival of the storm.
the form of chess played is speed chess in which each player has twelve minutes for the entire game .
The Amazon Basin is drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
the two former presidents were later accused of mutiny and treason because of their involvement in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre.
moderate to severe damage spread up the atlantic coastline and inland to west virginia .
these computers are figuratively described as zombies because their owner is not aware of them.
the wave moved across the atlantic , and formed into a tropical depression near the northern coast of haiti on september 13.
the associated press stylebook is updated yearly.
the four main texts are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke and gospel of john , written between ad 65 and 100  see also the gospel according to the hebrews  .
since the late 19th century eschelbronn is known for its furniture industry .
The upper half looks like the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim.
unlike the clouds on earth , however , neptune 's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane .
they cannot participate until they reach legal adulthood.
development releases are infrequent , but subversion snapshots are often stable to use .
In 1482, the order sent him to Florence, the 'city of his destiny'.
During the Soviet years, two of Rostov's principal landmarks, St Alexander Nevsky Cathedral and St George Cathedral in Nakhichevan, were demolished.
He died on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
In 1953, Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey demonstrated this in the Miller-Urey experiment.
cogeneration , also called combined heat and power , is a process that generates both electricity and useful heat at the same time using a heat engine or power station.
the male " den master " sometimes allows a second male into the den , but the purpose is not known .
You can enable a wikipedia gadget by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
Here are some helpful links to help you get involved.
he was the prime minister of egypt from 1945 to 1948.
She was left behind when the rest of the Nicoleños were relocated to the mainland, and the reasons for this vary.
james i named him a gentleman of the chapel royal , in which he worked as an organist from at least 1615 until his death .
chauvin was ashamed to get his award and initially suggested that he may not take it .
later , esperanto speakers began to view the language and the culture around it as valuable , even if esperanto is never accepted by the united nations or other international organizations .
Dry air from the south weakened the strong convection of the cyclone by early on september 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Anna Paula Braun, also known as Eva Anna Paula Hitler, was the longtime companion and wife of Adolf Hitler from 6 February 1912 to 30 April 1945.
each variation of the license has a different version number.
most irc servers do not require users to register an account but a user must set a nickname to be connected .
In the same year, he got a mechanics certificate and became the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
summerslam  2009  is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by wwe , to be held on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles , california .
usually portrayed as bald , with long whiskers , he is thought to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
Some animals can change color in response to their environment, either seasonally like ermine and snowshoe hare, or instantly with chromatophores like cephalopods.
val venis retained the wwf intercontinental championship by defeating rikishi in a steel cage match, pinning him after tazz hit him with a tv camera.
this is similar to the unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one task well and working together over universal interfaces .
His parents, Keith Brion and Larue, were musical; his mother was a singer and administrative assistant and his father was a band director at Yale.
the highest numbers of mennonites are in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states , but mennonites can also be seen in smaller communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or living among the people of those countries .
naas is a large town near dublin , with many people living in naas and commuting to work in dublin.
Acanthopholis had oval plates embedded in its skin with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area, along the spine.
origin irmo was created in 1890 when the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad opened .
conversely , bills proposed by the law commission start in the house of lords , and consolidation bills also start in the house of lords .
Before his release in 1474, vlad and his wife resided in a house in the hungarian capital in preparation for the reconquest of wallachia.
you can include a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text , and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text , to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
Bone marrow is found in the hollow interior of bones.
reflection nebulae are usually blue because blue light is scattered more efficiently than red light , the same process that creates blue skies and red sunsets .
Monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse department in southern France, in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region.
macgruber tries to make something to defuse the bomb , but he is usually distracted by something related to his personal life which makes him run out of time .
yvonne loriod completed the final movement of messiaen's work with advice from george benjamin.
shi ' a muslims regard karbala as one of their most sacred cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
The pad demanded the resignation of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat , whom the pad alleged were proxies for thaksin.
Travelling through remote areas requires planning and a reliable four-wheel drive vehicle.
In 1928, he was the chief architect for the Fisher Building while at Kahn.
He apologizes as he has to leave for rehearsal and he and dr. schön depart.
britpop started in the british independent music scene of the early 1990s and was mainly made up of bands inspired by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
the battalions being formed for xi international brigade absorbed this.
The Sheppard Line has fewer passengers than the other two subway lines and shorter trains are used.
The stadium has a capacity of 98,772 , making it the largest in europe and the eleventh largest in the world.
in december 1967, ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by israel.
Some articles are long and detailed while others are shorter and of lower quality.
There are currently 95 accepted species.
eugowra is said to be named after an indigenous australian word that means " the place where the sand washes down the hill ".
terms such as " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are common in english .
jurisdiction is based on public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to provide for the needs of its citizens .
he composed several other pieces about hiawatha such as the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
The capital of the state is Aracaju  pop.
Farrenc was paid less than her male colleagues for nearly a decade.
gumbasia was made in a style vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles .
the lawyer , brandon waise lee , became an idol to mk sun , who went on to become a lawyer himself.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an old township located near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .
Donaldson joined the Australian Army on 18 June 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China were also mining along the Peel River and up the mountain sides.
Before pocket calculators were invented , the slide rule was the most popular tool for scientific and engineering calculations.
The Kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, faster page-refreshing, text-to-speech, and a reduced thickness of 0.36 inches (9.1 millimeters).
Yoghurt is a dairy product made with bacterial fermentation of milk.
seventy-five defencemen have been inducted into the hall of fame , more than any other position , while only 35 goaltenders have been honored .
different ideas about the topic have been suggested throughout history  see below  , but all were dismissed by mainstream christian organizations .
The album was not allowed to be sold in many record stores.
The legs are wide at the top and slim at the ankle.
In late 2004, Suleman made headlines by cutting Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations, due to his frequent discussions about his move to Sirius Satellite Radio.
The company opened more canadian outlets than mcdonald's and its system-wide sales surpassed those of mcdonald's Canadian operations in 2002.
Captain Caleb Holt (Kirk Cameron) is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia and follows the cardinal rule of all firemen - to never leave their partner behind.
he won the presidential election on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the popular vote.
The plant is a living fossil.
in 1990 , she was the only female performer allowed to play in saudi arabia .
In 1913, Stravinsky first had the idea of writing a ballet.
Protests were suppressed across the nation.
Offenbach's operettas like orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène were very popular in France and English-speaking countries during the 1850s and 1860s.
roof tiles with this symbol from the tang dynasty have been found near the city of xian.
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux  february 13 , 1921 november 11 , 1968  , was an accomplished french organist , pianist , composer , and pedagogue .
the instrument was hard to control.
santa maria maggiore  st. mary the greater  is the oldest existing church in assisi.
radar observations suggest a mostly iron-nickel composition.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly business magazine covering global railway, metro, light rail and tram industries.
He was given the title of Companion of Honour in 1988.
loèche houses the installations of onyx , the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
A matchbook is a small cardboard folder containing matches, with a striking surface on the outside.
She was one of the first doctors to oppose cigarette smoking near children and drug use in pregnant women.
She defiantly vowed to never renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
There is a three volume original English-language manga series following Graystripe from the time he was taken by twolegs in Dawn until his return to ThunderClan in The Sight.
Syrians did not stay in urban areas ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers could interact with Americans on a daily basis.
He was also renowned for his prints, book covers, posters, and metalwork furniture for gardens.
during childhood she had collapsed lungs twice , pneumonia 4-5 times a year , a ruptured appendix , and a tonsillar cyst .
Dr. David Lindenmeyer of the Australian National University has argued that the need for nest boxes shows that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable for preserving hollow-dependent species like Leadbeater's Possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team from Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Small value inductors can be made on integrated circuits using the same processes as transistors.
the term gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species , especially the species described from norway by rathke in 1799 , limnoria lignorum .
wounds caused by a club are usually called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
thereafter the county 's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county's main town in 1596 .
No skater has done a quadruple axel in competition yet.
The port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour using the telephone exchange.
Even those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying must still follow the rules.
it is said to have a pointed face and is about the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by the work it is able to do compared to the resources used .
Some of the biggest reservoirs in the world are located along the Volga.
The crosier stands for the monasteries of the region.
human skin colors can range from dark brown to light pink.
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , assisted yunus in the official registration of the bank with the help of a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer announced plans to put saddam on trial , but said that the specifics of the trial had not yet been decided .
At the end of the regular season , the professional hockey writers ' association vote for the all-star team.
tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan are bordered by afghanistan to the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south and the people's republic of china to the east .
nupedia was created on march 9, 2000, by bomis, inc., a web portal company.
The design of the algorithm has key-dependent S-boxes and a complicated key scheduling.
iain grieve  born 19 february , 1987 in jwaneng , botswana  is a professional rugby union back-rower for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
Other settlements near are pont-bellanger and beaumesnil.
in 1964 , murray gell-mann and george zweig proposed the quark model independently .
the fourth ring was added in 1938 39 when the column was relocated to its current spot and is decorated with golden garlands.
West Berlin had its own postal service, different from West Germany's, and released its own stamps until 1990.
the primavera is a painting by sandro botticelli , an italian renaissance painter , c . 1482 .
The largest city and capital of New South Wales is Sydney.
The polymer used is usually epoxy, but other polymers like polyester, vinyl ester, or nylon can be used.
the name still exists as a brand for a related spin-off digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which have remained after the end of the printed magazine .
At four-and-a-half years old, he was left on his own in the streets of northern Italy, living in different orphanages and traveling with groups of homeless children for the next four years.
stands were added behind each set of goals in the 1980s and 1990s as the ground was modernised .
a town can be called a market town or having market rights even if it does not hold a market anymore , as long as the right to do so still exists .
A bastion was built on the eastern approaches.
On July 29, Olav Haraldsson was killed in the Battle of Stiklestad in Norway while fighting against his pagan vassals.
others have speculated that tresca was eliminated by the nkvd due to his criticism of the stalin regime of the soviet union.
montenegro and serbia both became independent countries as a result.
only use html and css markup when necessary .
schuschnigg quickly denied reports of riots publicly .
Addiscombe is a suburb in Croydon , England.
sometimes, constituent refers to citizens who live in the area governed by a politician and who voted for them.
prunk is a member of institute of european history in mainz and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn.
Stallone also appeared in the 2003 French film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
The crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the " hovercraft " and filmed the scene while driving up templin highway north of santa clarita.
the conference papers were published in a bookmicroeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al the following year.
the wario land series is a platforming series that began with wario land : super mario land 3 , a spin-off of the super mario land series .
frédéric chopin 's opus 57 is a lullaby for solo piano .
These attacks may have been mental rather than physical .
A historian has said that " it was quinine 's effectiveness that allowed colonists to move into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa ".
spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which suggests a stony surface composition.
She became the main editor of her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel.
Mercury looks like the moon : it has many craters with smooth plains , no moons and no atmosphere .
The town is situated in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zürich.
these areas are ideal for the habitats of chinkara, hog deer and blue bull.
After the sena dynasty, dhaka was ruled by the turkish and afghan governors from the delhi sultanate until the mughals arrived in 1608.
The Prime Minister remains in office only when they have the support of the lower house.
rowling believes this scene is important because it shows harry 's courage , and by getting cedric's body , he displays selflessness and empathy .
on june 1 , 1972 , he and two other raf members were arrested after a long shootout in frankfurt .
They formed a group called new music manchester which focused on contemporary music.
the powerful and intense hurricane caused extensive damage in the upper florida keys , due to a storm surge of roughly 18 to 20 feet .
Meher Baba's tomb-shrine and facilities for pilgrims are now located at the site.
the dome of the main church has been completely restored.
In 2005, Meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in a national competition.
Salem is located in Essex County, Massachusetts.
Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been recorded.
Saint Martin is a tropical island in the northeast Caribbean, located about 300 km (186 miles) away from Puerto Rico.
therefore , these pdfs can not be shared without any modifications if they have images .
In April 1862, Ben was arrested for taking part in an armed robbery with Frank Gardiner by order of Police Inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger.
On October 5, parts of Britain experienced heavy rain leading to flooding.
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb , which can be used to save the user 's configuration and personal data .
based on the parties ' relative strength in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : fdp  : 2 members , cvp  : 2 members , sp  : 2 members , and svp  : 1 member .
A fee is the payment for services, especially when given to a professional.
Ohio State's library system has twenty-one libraries on its Columbus campus.
Iceland and Greenland accepted Norway's rule, but Scotland was able to defend itself and get a more favorable peace agreement.
the singles from the album include " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
In 2000, minix became free / open source software with a permissive free software license, but other operating systems had surpassed it, so it was mainly used by students and hobbyists.
the body color of this species ranges from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and sometimes , is spotted with dark brown , especially on the limbs .
the britannica was mainly a scottish business , as signified by its thistle logo , the floral symbol of scotland.
The warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards as Jose intensified, before it was cancelled shortly after landfall on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune reported that U.S. Marine pilots and commanders had confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat.
the latter gave viewers the kind of knowledge that intertitles later provided , and can help historians picture what the film may have been like .
real estate , businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can not be used as collateral to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial growth .
he escaped from sydney cove multiple times before being killed in 1796.
Ned and Dan demanded the police to surrender at the camp.
Before the second game started, the press agreed that the "midget-in-a-cake" promotion did not meet veeck's usual standards.
Joss Whedon confirmed in a video promoting Equality Now that "Fray is not done, Fray is coming back."
a mutant is a kind of fictional character that is seen in marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test is a common exam for college admissions in the U.S.
In northern Italy, civil unrest spawned the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder, penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants.
Some reports suggest that different factors can cause both paralysis and hallucinations.
His punishment was to be transported to Australia for seven years.
waugh states that charles was " in search of love in those days " when he initially encountered sebastian , discovering " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , a metaphor that is reflected in the work .
Her relationship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was significant in her life.
The term "dorsal" is used to describe anatomical structures that are located or grow on the back side of an animal.
berzelius coined the term " protein " after mulder observed that all proteins had the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of  very large  molecule.
After the Jerilderie raid, the gang hid for 16 months to avoid being caught.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France.
The color of the fruit is from orange to pale yellow.
in 1963 an extension was added , curving north from union station , below university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street , then turning west to end at st. george and bloor streets .
Before 1980, the central australian line of the commonwealth railways ran along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to unalakleet is located near it.
People with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia and sudden cardiac death.
mesoamerica 's largest sub-region covers a wide area , from the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google posted the comic on google books and their site and talked about it on its official blog with an explanation for the early release.
anyone can register their pedigree with the college , where they will be strongly checked and must have official documents before being changed .
the book , political economy , was released in 1985 , but had little classroom use .
He toured with the IPO in 1990 and 1994, performing in the Soviet Union, China, and India.
at the napoleonic wars , austrian general mack surrenders his army to napoleon's grand army at ulm , giving napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers .
Northern Nigeria's economic center is Kano which is known for producing and exporting groundnuts.
most south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora won the band several awards and honors.
After a brief stand-off, the wwf cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho.
richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman wrote most of the songs.
In the 5th century, Slavs began to move into the area.
From 1900 to 1920, many new buildings were built on campus, such as facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a natural sciences building, Hill Auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
Winchester is located in Scott County, Illinois, United States.
name arzashkun seems to be the assyrian form of an armenian name ending in -ka formed from a proper name arzash , which is similar to the name arsene , arsissa , applied by the ancients to part of lake van .
Out of 16,421 participants in the national casting , she was selected from the 15 candidates to be on the tv show .
its episodes aired on the abc network from september 21, 1993 to march 1, 2005.
the latter device can be used in less strict settings.
gimnasia hired two famous colombian coaches francisco maturana and julio césar falcioni , but both were not very successful.
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa, USA.
furthermore, she was in music videos such as "it girl" by john oates and "just lose it" by eminem.
On June 24 1979, Glinde received its town charter to celebrate the 750th anniversary of the village.
pauline made a return in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 and in mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , though she is now described as " mario 's friend ".
The vagina can stretch to many times its normal width during childbirth.
It is thought that his date of birth is between 1935 and 1939, but it has never been recorded.
The IC50 value is a measure of how much of a drug or other substance is needed to inhibit a biological process or component by half.
Parts of the bernese alps are located in the cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud , even though the name suggests that it is in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern .
In Ireland, he had a daughter named Mary Ann Fisher Power with Ann E. Power.
Edward Gorey expressed his admiration for Bawden, lamenting the lack of recognition for the artist during an interview.
the string can vibrate like a guitar string to produce different notes which appear as different particles : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable was also nominated for an academy award when he played fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .
