One side of the conflict is mainly made up of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia mostly made up of the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan.
jeddah is the major entrance to mecca , islam 's holiest city , which able-bodied muslims must visit at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is believed to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of neptune.
his next work , saturday , follows a day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
The tarantula, the trickster character, pulled a black cord and crawled away quickly to the east, using all his strength to pull it.
he died six weeks later on 13 january 888.
The people are culturally similar to the coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea.
since 2000 , the winner of the kate greenaway medal has also received the colin mears award which is worth £ 5000 .
After the drummers are dancers, who often use the sogo and have more complex and acrobatic choreography.
the spacecraft contains two main elements : the nasa cassini orbiter named after giovanni domenico cassini and the esa huygens probe named after christiaan huygens .
Alessandro "Sandro" Mazzola was a professional football player born on 8 November 1942.
it was believed that the debris from the collision filled the smaller craters.
Graham went to wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 and earned a BA in anthropology.
However, the bzö differs from the freedom party, as they are in favor of a referendum about the lisbon treaty but against an EU-withdrawal.
many species had disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century due to european settlement.
in 1987 wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame.
dextromethorphan is a white powder in its pure form.
It is very hard to get accepted into Tsinghua.
nrc is now an independent, private foundation.
The island is located near the coast of the baltic sea, surrounding the city of stralsund.
in 1982 , he was named " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated .
Fives is a British sport thought to have originated from the same source as many racquet sports.
for example , on the birthday of king bhumibol , thailand is decorated with the color yellow .
in 2007, the national museum of scotland was created by merging both the royal museum and the museum of scotland.
Tagore adopted many styles, such as craftwork from new ireland, Haida carvings from British Columbia, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, John F. Kennedy proposed the Peace Corps concept on the steps of Michigan Union.
She performed for President Reagan in 1988 in the Great Performances at the White House series, which was broadcast on PBS.
Perry Saturn and Terri defeated Eddie Guerrero and Chyna to win the WWF European Championship, with Saturn pinning Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
She stayed in the US until 1927 when she and her husband went back to France.
despina was seen in late july , 1989 from the photos taken by the voyager 2 probe .
The first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship happened on 4 September 1921 at Brescia.
he also wrote two collections of short stories titled the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
the voyager 2 images show ophelia as an elongated object , with its major axis pointing towards uranus .
The British decided to remove him and take the land by force.
some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia , between the south australian border and caiguna , have their own time .
small pieces of colorful and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays for architectural decoration , which have been used to embellish walls , furniture and boxes .
the other cities on the palos verdes peninsula are rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
fearing that drek will destroy the galaxy , clank requests ratchet to help him locate the famous superhero captain qwark , in order to stop drek .
It is not a true louse.
he promotes the use of a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also works to make interaction design a popular field of study .
it is possible that the other editors who reported you, and the administrator who blocked you, are part of a conspiracy against someone far away whom they have never met in person.
Working group i assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
the island chain is part of the hebrides , divided from the scottish mainland and from the inner hebrides by the rough waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife had alanna marie orton on july 12 , 2008 .
the minor planet center , a branch of the iau , is responsible for assigning minor planets their formal number-name combinations.
wind shear began to increase dramatically and a weakening trend started on early september 30 .
each entry contains a datum which is a copy of the datum in the backing store.
Men and women must follow the guidelines when attending a mosque.
mariel of redwall is a fantasy book by brian jacques , released in 1991 .
ryan prosser  born 10 july , 1988  is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
the assessment report consists of four reports , three of which are from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot , who was named after pierre curie , is a famous biochemist .
this stamp became the official letter stamp for the rest of victoria 's reign and a lot were printed .
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts  mma  promotion that claimed to be the world 's first mma league .
giardia lamblia  also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis  is a flagellated protozoan parasite that lives and reproduces in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
Cameron has also acted in multiple Christian-themed productions, such as the post-rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World At War where he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
the area east of the mouth of the vistula river was later known as " prussia proper ".
After graduating, he went back to Yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and was later appointed as the artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
the story of christmas is based on the gospel of matthew and luke .
weelkes later had trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his drinking and bad behavior.
Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady, and Lee Ryan have been featured on the 'celebrity' episodes.
stephen p. synnott discovered it in images from the voyager 1 space probe which was orbiting around jupiter on march 5 , 1979.
gomaespuma was a popular spanish radio show hosted by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser.
The release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website on 16 June 2009.
he is also a member of the jungiery boyband 183 club .
the apostolic tradition , attributed to the theologian hippolytus , states that hallel psalms were sung with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts .
in return , rollo pledged loyalty to charles , became a christian , and was responsible for defending the northern region of france from viking invasions .
it is from voice of america  voa  special english .
disney was presented with a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid found by a spacecraft.
Hinterrhein is located in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.
The Bohemian Switzerland continues in the Czech Republic.
this causes confusion when 220  1,048,576  bytes is referred to as 1 mb  megabyte  instead of 1 mib .
reports on ethics in scholarship are often related to the incident.
They are castrated to make the animal more docile or to gain weight more quickly.
seventh sons are said to possess special magical abilities, while seventh sons of seventh sons are very rare and powerful.
benchmarking done by passmark software shows the 2009 version 's 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory utilization .
Volterra is a town in Italy's Tuscany region.
Recently, it has been found that itch has many similarities to pain, but also has its own unique characteristics.
the tongue is sticky because of glycoprotein-rich mucous , which lubricates movement in and out of the snout and catches ants and termites .
The same tram had derailed before at starr gate loop during trials on 30 May 2006.
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers , outside the stadium .
calculate the square root of the variance.
Volunteers offered food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium.
vouvray-sur-huisne is a town in the sarthe department in the pays-de-la-loire region of northwestern france .
Without land use controls, buildings can be constructed along a bypass, turning it into a regular town road, and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the streets it was meant to avoid.
it is also a great place to begin exploring cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises often cause pain but are not life-threatening.
none of the people connected with wikipedia can be held responsible for your use of the information provided on or linked from these web pages .
George Frideric Handel was Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover who later became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small and they have poor vision.
they are second only to chitin in terms of toughness as a biological material.
oregano is a key part of greek cooking.
tickets can be purchased for national rail services , the docklands light railway and with an oyster card .
the etchings he created and distributed himself , and his larger woodcuts were mostly produced for customers .
Historians use the historical method to research and write history using primary sources and other evidence.
the heavy weight of the continental icecap on lake vostok is believed to cause the high oxygen concentration.
as of 2000 , the population in the area was 89,148 .
Aliteracy  sometimes spelled alliteracy  is the condition of being able to read but not being interested in doing so .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used in medicine .
it will then leave and sink to the river bed to digest its food and wait for the next meal .
Research shows that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know , trust , and/or care about.
today , landis ' father is a passionate supporter of his son and considers himself a major fan of floyd .
shortly after becoming a category 4 storm , the outer convection of the hurricane became disorganized .
The equilibrium wage is the price of a particular type of labor.
They decided to publish their findings of a haunted place in a book titled An Adventure in 1911 under the pseudonyms Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He moved to London and dedicated himself to teaching.
brunstad has several fast food restaurants , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and a grocery store .
He left 11,000 troops to guard the recently conquered region.
In 1438, Trevi became part of the legation of Perugia and was under the temporal rule of the Church, and then in 1860, it was merged with the United Kingdom of Italy.
the depression moved inland on the 20th with no convection , and ended the next day over brazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department existed from 1952 to 1995.
the band is currently composed of flynn  vocals , guitar  , duce  bass  , phil demmel  guitar  , and dave mcclain  drums  .
Countries with a minority Muslim population are more likely to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation than Muslim-majority countries in the Middle East.
the characters are profane versions of their older characters pete and dud.
johan was the original bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but he left before they released a studio album.
in 1998 , culver was elected as the iowa secretary of state.
in 1990 , mark messier won the hart trophy over ray bourque by two votes with a single first-place vote deciding the outcome.
shade breaks the law and causes the destruction of his colony 's home , forcing them to migrate and separate from him .
the female counterpart is a daughter .
In April 1999, he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer.
The National Park Service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks before the storm arrived.
the type of chess played is speed chess with each competitor having twelve minutes for the entire game.
The Amazon Basin is the region of South America drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
the two former presidents were later charged with mutiny and treason for their involvement in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
moderate to severe damage spread up the atlantic coastline and even reached as far inland as west virginia .
these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies because the owner is usually unaware.
the wave spread across the atlantic , forming into a tropical depression off the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .
the associated press stylebook is updated every year.
The four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , mark , luke and john , likely written between AD 65 and 100  see also the gospel according to the hebrews  .
since the 19th century eschelbronn is recognized for its furniture production industry.
The upper half also looks like the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim.
Unlike earth's clouds, Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane rather than ice.
They cannot participate fully until they become legal adults.
stable versions of the software are rare , but there are often subversion snapshots which are reliable enough to use .
In 1482, the order sent Leonardo to Florence, the ‘city of his destiny’.
in the soviet era , two of rostov's main landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral  1908  and st george cathedral in nakhichevan  1783-1807  - were demolished .
He died on may 29 , 1518 in Madrid , Spain and was buried in the church of San Benito d' Alcantara.
the miller-urey experiment conducted by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953 demonstrated this .
cogeneration  also known as combined heat and power , chp  is the use of a heat engine or a power station to produce both electricity and usable heat .
sometimes the male " den master " will also allow a second male into the den ; the reason for this is unknown .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript or css snippet that can be enabled by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
Here are some helpful links to help you participate.
he was the prime minister of egypt between 1945 and 1948.
She was the only one who stayed behind when the rest of the nicoleños were relocated to the mainland, and the reasons for this remain unclear.
james i appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal , where he worked as an organist from at least 1615 until his death .
chauvin was ashamed to be given his award and initially said that he might not accept it.
later , esperanto speakers started to see the language and the culture that had developed around it as goals in themselves , even if esperanto is never accepted by the united nations or other international organizations .
dry air around the southern side of the cyclone weakened most of the deep convection by early on september 12 .
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
eva braun , born eva anna paula hitler  6 february 1912 – 30 april 1945  was the longtime companion and , for a brief time , wife of adolf hitler .
each version of the license has its own version number.
most irc servers do not require users to register an account but a user must set a nickname before connecting .
In that year, he also became the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York, with a mechanics certificate.
summerslam  2009  is a wrestling pay-per-view event produced by wwe that will occur on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles , california .
usually depicted as bald , with long whiskers , he is said to be a form of the southern polestar .
Some animals are able to change color quickly due to chromatophores in their skin, such as cephalopods, and others change color seasonally, like the ermine and snowshoe hare.
Val Venis won the match and kept the WWF Intercontinental Championship after hitting Rikishi with a TV camera.
this idea is similar to the unix philosophy of having multiple programs that each do one thing well and work together through universal interfaces.
his mother, larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, keith brion, was a band director at Yale University.
the biggest populations of mennonites are in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states , but mennonites can also be found in small communities in at least 51 countries across six continents or scattered throughout those countries.
naas is a major town with many of its inhabitants working in dublin.
acanthopholis had oval plates set almost horizontally into its skin , with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area , along the spine .
origin irmo was formed in 1890 in response to the construction of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
bills proposed by the law commission, and consolidation bills, begin in the house of lords.
before he was freed in 1474 , vlad stayed in a house in the hungarian capital with his new wife while he prepared for the reconquest of wallachia.
you can add up to five words as a front-cover text , and up to 25 words as a back-cover text , to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version .
He is buried in the Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is tissue found in the hollow interior of bones.
reflection nebulae are usually blue due to the scattering of blue light being more efficient than red , the same process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets .
monteux is a town in the vaucluse department in southern france , in the region provence-alpes-côte d ' azur .
macgruber tries to make something to defuse the bomb , however he is often distracted by personal matters that result in him running out of time.
yvonne loriod completed messiaen's unfinished orchestration for the final movement with guidance from george benjamin.
shi ' a muslims consider karbala to be one of their most sacred cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
The pad demanded the resignation of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat , whom they saw as thaksin's representatives.
traveling through very remote areas , on isolated tracks , requires advanced planning and a suitable and reliable four wheel drive .
While at kahn, he was the main architect for the fisher building in 1928.
he excuses himself and leaves for rehearsal with dr. schön.
britpop was created from the british independent music scene in the early 1990s and was characterized by bands inspired by british guitar pop music from the 1960s and 1970s.
this was included in battalions that were being created for xi international brigade.
the sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines , and shorter trains are used .
it has a capacity of 98,772 , making it the largest stadium in europe and the eleventh largest in the world.
In December 1967, ten Boom was recognized by the State of Israel as one of the Righteous Among the Nations.
Some articles are long and contain a lot of information while others are shorter and of lower quality.
there are currently 95 species accepted.
eugowra was named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill ".
words like " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are commonly used in english .
jurisdiction is based on public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the government to allocate resources for the benefit of its citizens .
After composing the song of hiawatha , he wrote several other pieces related to the character such as the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
The capital of the state is Aracaju.
Despite this, Farrenc was paid less than male colleagues for around 10 years.
gumbasia was made in a style called kinesthetic film principles which was taught by vorkapich.
mk sun grew up admiring lawyer brandon waise lee and decided to become a lawyer himself.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a town near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .
On 18 June 2002, Donaldson enlisted in the Australian Army.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China were searching along the Peel River and up the mountain sides.
before pocket calculators , the slide rule was the most used calculation tool in science and engineering .
The Kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display, longer battery life, faster page-refreshing, text-to-speech, and decreased thickness from 0.8 to 0.36 inches (9.1 millimeters).
Yoghurt is made by fermenting milk with bacteria.
seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame , more than any other position , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
alternative views on the subject have been suggested throughout the centuries  see below  , but all were denied by mainstream christian groups .
The album was not allowed to be sold in many record stores nationwide.
the legs are wider at the top and narrow at the ankle.
In 2004, Suleman made headlines when he removed Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations due to Stern's frequent conversations about his move to Sirius Satellite Radio.
The company opened twice as many canadian outlets as Mcdonald's, and system-wide sales surpassed those of Mcdonald's Canadian operations by 2002.
Captain Caleb Holt (Kirk Cameron) is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia and always follows the rule of never leaving his partner behind.
he won the presidential election held on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the votes .
The plant is a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female performer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
In 1913, Stravinsky had the idea of writing the ballet.
Protests were suppressed nationwide.
Offenbach's operettas, such as Orpheus in the Underworld and La Belle Hélène, were very popular in both France and the English-speaking world in the 1850s and 1860s.
roof tiles from the tang dynasty with this symbol have been found near the ancient city of chang ' an  modern-day xian  .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux  february 13 , 1921 november 11 , 1968  , was a french musician , composer , and pedagogue .
The instrument was difficult to control.
santa maria maggiore  st. mary the greater  is the oldest existing church in assisi.
radar observations show a mostly iron-nickel composition.
Railway gazette international is a monthly business magazine about the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries worldwide.
he was given the companion of honour  ch  in 1988.
loèche has the facilities of onyx , the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a small cardboard folder with matches inside and a rough striking surface on the outside.
She was one of the first doctors to speak out against cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
She defiantly vowed to never renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
the oel manga series graystripe 's trilogy is a three volume original english-language manga series about graystripe between the time he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
Syrians did not live in urban clusters; many of the immigrants who had been peddlers were able to meet with Americans on a daily basis.
he was also known for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden metalwork furniture .
She had collapsed lungs twice during childhood, she got pneumonia 4-5 times a year, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst.
dr. david lindenmeyer  australian national university  has argued that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable if nest boxes are needed to conserve species like leadbeater 's possum .
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Small value inductors can also be made on integrated circuits using the same processes used to make transistors.
the term gribble was initially used to refer to wood-boring species , especially the first species described from norway by rathke in 1799 , limnoria lignorum .
wounds caused by a club are usually called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
after that , the county 's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
No skater has achieved a quadruple axel in competition.
the port jackson district commandant could use the telephone exchange to communicate with all military installations on the harbour.
there are rules that must be followed even if one enters the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying .
it is described as having a pointed face and being the size of a rabbit.
Computer performance is measured by the amount of useful work it can do compared to the time and resources used.
Some of the biggest reservoirs in the world are located along the Volga.
The crosier symbolizes the monasteries of the area.
human skin hues can range from dark brown to pale pink.
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , assisted yunus with the official formation of the bank with a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer stated plans to try saddam , but mentioned that the details of the trial had not been decided yet.
At the end of the regular season, the members of the professional hockey writers' association vote for the all-star team.
tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan border afghanistan to the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south and china to the east .
nupedia was established on march 9, 2000, by bomis, inc, a web portal company.
the design of the algorithm has a key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule.
iain grieve  born 19 february , 1987 in jwaneng , botswana  is a rugby union back-rower for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership.
Other settlements close by are pont-bellanger and beaumesnil.
physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig proposed the quark model in 1964.
the fourth ring of the column was added in 1938 39 when it was moved to its current location and is decorated with golden garlands.
west berlin had its own postal system , not part of west germany 's , and released its own stamps until 1990.
sandro botticelli painted the primavera in 1482 .
sydney is new south wales' largest city and capital.
The polymer used is usually epoxy, but other polymers such as polyester, vinyl ester or nylon can also be used.
the name remains as a label for its related digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which continue after the ending of the printed magazine .
At four-and-a-half years old, he was left to survive alone on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years, living in different orphanages and travelling between different towns with other homeless children.
stands were eventually built behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground was modernized.
a town may be labeled as a market town or having market rights even if it no longer holds a market , if the right to do so still exists .
a bastion was built later on the eastern approaches.
on july 29 , olav haraldsson lost to his pagan vassals and was killed in the battle of stiklestad in norway .
some have suggested that tresca was killed by the nkvd in response to his criticism of the stalin regime of the soviet union .
montenegro and serbia became independent countries as a result.
Use HTML and CSS sparingly and only when necessary.
schuschnigg quickly denied that there were any riots happening .
addiscombe is a suburb in croydon , england .
constituents are citizens who reside in the area governed by a politician and sometimes only those who elected the politician.
prunk is a part of institute of european history in mainz , and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn .
stallone also appeared as a passenger in the 2003 french film taxi 3.
The crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the " hovercraft " and filmed the scene while driving up templin highway north of santa clarita.
the conference papers were published in a bookmicroeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al . the following year.
the wario land series is a platforming series that began with wario land : super mario land 3 , a spin-off of the super mario land series .
frédéric chopin 's opus 57 is a lullaby for solo piano .
these assaults may have been mental instead of physical.
A historian has said that thanks to quinine, colonists had new possibilities to move to the gold coast, Nigeria, and other parts of West Africa.
Additionally, spectroscopic studies have found evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, suggesting a stony surface composition.
She was appointed as the editor of her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel.
mercury looks like the moon : it is full of craters with areas of smooth plains , has no moons and no atmosphere .
The town is located in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zurich.
these provide suitable habitat for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
After the Sena Dynasty, Dhaka was ruled by Turkish and Afghan governors from the Delhi Sultanate before the Mughals arrived in 1608.
The Prime Minister remains in power only if they have the support of the lower house.
rowling believes this scene is important because it shows harry's bravery, and by retrieving cedric's corpse, he shows selflessness and compassion.
on june 1 , 1972 , he and two other raf members , jan-carl raspe and holger meins , were arrested after a long shootout in frankfurt .
they created new music manchester , a collective dedicated to modern music .
the powerful and intense hurricane caused severe damage in the upper florida keys , as a storm surge of around 18 to 20 feet impacted the region .
It is now the site of Meher Baba's tomb-shrine and provides facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
the main church's collapsed dome has been completely restored.
In 2005, Meissner became the second American woman to successfully perform the triple axel jump in a national competition.
Salem is located in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States.
Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been found.
Saint Martin is an island in the Caribbean, located around 300 km (186 miles) east of Puerto Rico.
therefore , these pdfs cannot be shared without further changes if they have images .
In April 1862, Ben was arrested for taking part in an armed robbery with Frank Gardiner, by order of Police Inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger.
on october 5th , heavy rain caused localized flooding in parts of britain .
version 2009.1 offers a usb installer to create a live usb , where the user 's preferences and personal data can be kept if wanted .
according to the parties ' relative strength in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : free democratic party  fdp  : 2 members , christian democratic people 's party  cvp  : 2 members , social democratic party  sp  : 2 members , and swiss people 's party  svp  : 1 member .
a fee is the payment for services, usually for a professional like a doctor, lawyer, or consultant.
ohio state has twenty-one libraries located on its columbus campus.
iceland and greenland both accepted the overlordship of norway , while scotland successfully defended itself against a norse invasion and negotiated a favorable peace treaty.
the album featured five singles : " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in april 2000 , minix was made free / open source software under a permissive free software licence , but other operating systems had surpassed it by then , and it stayed mainly an operating system for students and hobbyists .
the body color of the animal can be medium brown , gold-ish , or beige-white ; and sometimes it has dark brown spots , especially on the limbs .
the britannica was primarily a scottish project , represented by its thistle logo , the floral emblem of scotland.
the warning issued on september 22 was extended southwards as jose strengthened , before being eliminated right after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune reported that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the initial combat stages .
later on , intertitles were used to provide audiences with information about the film , and can help historians imagine what it may have been like .
The lack of capital in the third world is due to the inability to use real estate, businesses, and other assets to secure loans for industrial and commercial growth.
He escaped from Sydney Cove multiple times before he was shot dead in 1796.
ned and dan marched to the police camp, demanding them to surrender.
before the second game began , the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " stunt had not been up to veeck's usual promotional level .
In a short video promoting the charity equality now, Joss Whedon confirmed that "Fray is coming back".
a mutant is a type of fictional character that can be found in marvel comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test, formerly known as the Scholastic Aptitude Test and Scholastic Assessment Test, is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
civil unrest in northern italy creates the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by travelling groups of flagellants .
Reports have suggested that various factors increase the chances of both paralysis and hallucinations.
His sentence was to be transported to Australia for seven years.
Charles was searching for love when he first found Sebastian , which was like discovering " a low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , as Waugh described it .
Her relationship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was a notable factor in her life.
the term dorsal refers to parts of the body that are either located near or develop from the back of an animal .
berzelius coined the term " protein " after mulder noticed that all proteins had the same formula and might be made of a single type of very large molecule.
After the Jerilderie Raid, the gang avoided capture for 16 months.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in the Calvados department of the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France.
the color of the fruit can vary from orange to pale yellow.
in 1963 an extension was built , going north from union station , below university avenue and queen 's park to close to bloor street , and then turning west to finish at st. george and bloor streets .
Before 1980, a section of the Commonwealth Railways Central Australian Line ran along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
Unalaska is situated on an old pathway which led west to Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia and sudden cardiac death.
as the largest sub-region in mesoamerica , it included a variety of landscapes , from the mountainous sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google later released the comic on google books and their site and posted it on its official blog along with an explanation for the early release.
anyone can register a pedigree with the college , where they are thoroughly checked and require official documents before they can be changed .
the book political economy was released in 1985 but had little classroom use .
He toured with the ipo in 1990 and 1994, performing in the Soviet Union, China, and India.
at the napoleonic wars , austrian general mack surrendered his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm , giving napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and causing 10,000 casualties on the losers .
It is an economic hub of northern Nigeria and a major producer and exporter of groundnuts.
most south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora won the band multiple awards and honors.
After a short pause, the wwf cavalry charged at Kane and Jericho.
most of the songs were composed by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman.
In the 5th century, Slavs began to move into the area.
In the period from 1900 to 1920, many new buildings were constructed on the campus, including buildings for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, Hill Auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
Winchester is located in Scott County, Illinois, United States.
the name arzashkun appears to be the assyrian form of an armenian name ending in -ka formed from a proper name arzash , which reminds of the name arsene , arsissa , used by the ancients to part of lake van .
Out of 16,421 people who auditioned , she was selected as one of the 15 finalists for the tv show.
its episodes aired on the abc network from 1993 to 2005 .
the latter device can be designed and used in less demanding situations .
gimnasia hired two famed colombian trainers, francisco maturana and julio césar falcioni, but both had limited success.
Brighton is a city located in Washington County, Iowa.
also , she was featured in music videos like " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem.
On June 24 1979, Glinde was granted its town charter to celebrate the 750th anniversary of the village.
pauline returned in the 1994 game boy remake of donkey kong , and later in mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , though she is now referred to as " mario 's friend ".
The vagina is elastic and can expand many times its normal diameter during childbirth.
his real date of birth was never recorded , but it is thought to be between 1935 and 1939 .
the half maximal inhibitory concentration ( IC50 ) is a quantitative measure that indicates the amount of a drug or other substance needed to inhibit a biological process or component of a process by half.
although the name suggests that they are in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern , parts of the bernese alps are in the neighboring cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
in that place he had a daughter , later baptized as mary ann fisher power , with ann  e  power .
During an interview, Edward Gorey expressed his admiration for Bawden, expressing regret that not many people know about this talented artist.
the string can vibrate in multiple ways , similar to a guitar string , and every mode is seen as a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable also got an academy award nomination when he acted as fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .
