one side of the armed conflicts is mainly made up of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a militia group mostly recruited from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
jeddah is the main entrance to mecca , the holiest city in islam , which able-bodied muslims must visit at least once in their lives .
the great dark spot is believed to be a hole in the methane cloud layer of neptune .
his next work , saturday , follows a day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord, attached it to the ball, and crawled away quickly to the east while pulling on the cord with all his strength.
six weeks later, he died on 13 January 888.
they are culturally similar to the coastal peoples of papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the winner of the kate greenaway medal has been given the colin mears award worth £ 5000 .
the dancers then come in , typically playing the sogo  a small drum with a quiet sound  and performing complex choreography .
the spacecraft includes the nasa cassini orbiter , named after the italian-french astronomer giovanni domenico cassini , and the esa huygens probe , named after the dutch astronomer , mathematician and physicist christiaan huygens .
alessandro  " sandro "  mazzola  born 8 november 1942  is an ex-football player from Italy.
it was believed that the debris from the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham went to wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 , when he earned a ba in anthropology .
however , the bzö is different from the freedom party , as it is in favor of a referendum about the lisbon treaty but against an eu-withdrawal .
many species had disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century due to european settlement.
wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame in 1987.
dextromethorphan appears as a white powder in its natural state.
getting into tsinghua is very hard .
today nrc is organized as an independent , private foundation .
the coast of the baltic sea surrounds the city of stralsund.
he was also named " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated in 1982 .
fives is a british sport believed to come from the same source as many racquet sports .
for instance , thailand celebrates king bhumibol's birthday with yellow decorations on monday each year .
in 2007, the national museum of scotland was formed by merging both names together.
tagore emulated many styles, including craftwork from northern new ireland, haida carvings from british columbia, and woodcuts by max pechstein.
on october 14 , 1960 , john f. kennedy proposed the idea of the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she performed for president reagan in 1988 in the great performances at the white house series , which aired on pbs .
perry saturn and terri won the wwf european championship when saturn pinned eddie guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
she and her husband returned to france in 1927 .
despina was found in late july , 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship happened on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he also wrote two collections of short stories named the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
at the voyager 2 images ophelia appears as an elongated object , pointing towards uranus .
the british decided to remove him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia , between the south australian border and caiguna , have their own time .
pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to make mosaics and inlays for architectural decoration , to embellish walls , furniture and boxes .
the other cities on the palos verdes peninsula are rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
fearing that drek will destroy the galaxy , clank asks ratchet to help him find the well-known superhero captain qwark , to stop drek .
it is not a true louse.
he encourages using a user-oriented design process in product development cycles and also works to make interaction design a mainstream discipline .
It is possible that editors and administrators are conspiring against someone they have never met in person who is half a world away.
working group i evaluates the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the islands form part of the hebrides and are separated from the mainland and inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch, the little minch and the sea of the hebrides.
orton and his wife had a daughter named alanna marie orton on july 12 , 2008 .
formal minor planet designations are combinations of numbers and names overseen by the minor planet center , a branch of the iau .
on september 30 , wind shear started to increase and the storm began to weaken .
each entry contains a datum  which is a copy of the datum stored in the backing store .
Men and women must follow these guidelines when attending a mosque .
mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques from 1991.
ryan prosser  born 10 july , 1988  is a rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
similar to past assessment reports , it has four reports , three from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot is a noted biochemist .
this stamp was used for most letters during victoria's reign and was produced in large numbers .
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts promotion.
giardia lamblia , also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis , is a flagellated protozoan parasite that lives in the small intestine and causes giardiasis .
Cameron has worked in several Christian-themed films, including the post-rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War, in which he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
this was the area east of the mouth of the vistula river , later called " prussia proper " .
after graduating , he moved back to yerevan and taught at the conservatory and then became the artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the bible stories in the gospel of matthew and luke .
weelkes later encountered issues with the chichester cathedral authorities for his excessive drinking and inappropriate behavior.
so far the ' celebrity ' episodes have featured vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
stephen p. synnott discovered it in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5 , 1979 while orbiting around jupiter .
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
on 16 june 2009 , the release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website.
he is also part of another boyband called 183 club .
hippolytus' apostolic tradition attests to the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts .
rollo swore fealty to charles , converted to christianity , and promised to defend the northern region of france against other viking groups .
it is from voice of america  voa  special english .
disney was presented with a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple.
it was the first asteroid found by a spacecraft.
hinterrhein is a district in the canton of graubünden , switzerland .
it goes on as bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .
this causes confusion for consumers when 1 mb  megabyte  is referenced instead of 1 mib  mebibyte .
many reports have been written about the ethical implications of the incident .
they are castrated to make the animal more docile or to make it gain weight more quickly .
seventh sons have unique magical abilities , and seventh sons of seventh sons are very rare and powerful .
benchmarking done by passmark software shows that the 2009 version has a fast install time of 52 seconds , scan time of 32 seconds , and utilizes 7 mb of memory .
Volterra is a city in Tuscany, Italy.
In the past , itch and pain were thought to be connected , but recently it was discovered that they both share some similarities yet possess distinct qualities .
the tongue is sticky because of the mucous with glycoprotein , which lubricates movement in and out of the snout and catches ants and termites .
the same tram had veered off the tracks on 30 may 2006 at starr gate loop during past tests .
statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both ipswich town and england managers , are outside the ground.
calculate the square root of the variance .
volunteers supplied food , blankets , water , children's toys , massages , and a live rock band performance for the attendees .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a town in the sarthe department of northwestern france .
if there are no land use regulations , buildings may be built along a bypass , turning it into a regular town road , and the bypass may end up as congested as the local streets it was meant to avoid .
it is also a starting point for exploring cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises usually cause pain but are not usually dangerous.
nobody connected with wikipedia can be responsible for your use of the information from these web pages .
george frideric handel also served as kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover who later became king of Great Britain .
their eyes are small and their vision is bad .
Chitin is the only material that rivals keratin in toughness .
Oregano is essential in Greek cooking.
tickets can be bought for national rail services , the docklands light railway and on oyster card .
he self-published his works and usually got commissions to create larger woodcuts .
historians use the historical method to research and write history by using primary sources and evidence .
the heavy weight of the continental icecap on top of lake vostok is believed to cause the high oxygen concentration .
in 2000 , the population was 89,148 .
aliteracy  sometimes spelled alliteracy  is when someone can read but has no interest in it .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as a drug .
it will detach itself and sink to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
additionally , research has indicated that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone close to them .
today , landis ' father is a big supporter of his son and is one of floyd 's biggest fans .
after becoming a category 4 hurricane , the outer convection of the hurricane became disorganized .
the equilibrium wage for a certain type of labor is the price.
Believing the grounds were haunted , they decided to publish their findings in a book an adventure  1911  , under the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he moved to london and focused on teaching .
brunstad has fast food restaurants , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and a grocery store .
he left 11,000 troops to guard the recently conquered region .
in 1438 trevi became part of the legation of perugia , and eventually in 1860 it became part of the united kingdom of italy .
the depression moved away from the coast on the 20th and ended the following day in brazil , bringing heavy rains and flooding .
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a police force that operated from 1952 to 1995.
the band's current lineup consists of flynn  vocals , guitar  , duce  bass  , phil demmel  guitar  , and dave mcclain  drums  .
countries with a minority muslim population are more likely to use mosques to advocate civic participation than muslim-majority countries of the greater middle east .
the characters are swear-filled versions of their earlier characters pete and dud .
johan was the original bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but he left before they released a studio album .
in 1998 , culver won the election for iowa secretary of state.
in 1990 , mark messier won the hart over ray bourque by two votes , due to a single first-place vote.
shade's disobedience to the law sets the main plot of the novel in motion , leading to the destruction of his colony's home , the forced migration , and his separation from them .
A female is a daughter.
In April 1999, he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer.
Before the storm came, the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks.
the chess game played is speed chess in which each player has twelve minutes for the entire game .
the amazon basin is the region in south america drained by the amazon river and its streams.
the two former presidents were later charged with mutiny and treason for their involvement in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
moderate to severe damage spread up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .
these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies because the owner is often unaware .
the wave traveled across the atlantic , and formed into a tropical depression off the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .
the associated press stylebook is updated yearly.
the four gospel texts are matthew , mark , luke and john , believed to have been written between ad 65 and 100 .
since the late 1800s , eschelbronn has been renowned for furniture production .
the upper half looks like the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
unlike earth 's clouds , which are made of ice crystals , neptune 's cirrus clouds are made of frozen methane crystals .
they are restricted in their actions until they reach legal adulthood .
development versions are seldom released , but there are often snapshots of the subversion which are reliable enough to use .
finally in 1482 the order sent him to florence , the ‘ city of his destiny ’ .
during the soviet era , two of rostov 's main landmarks were destroyed - st alexander nevsky cathedral and st george cathedral in nakhichevan.
he died on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , spain and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara.
stanley l. miller and harold c. urey demonstrated this in the miller-urey experiment in 1953 .
cogeneration , or combined heat and power ( CHP ) , is when a heat engine or power station is used to generate both electricity and useful heat .
sometimes the male " den master " will allow another male into the den ; the reason is unknown .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript and / or css snippet that can be enabled by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
here are some helpful links to help you get involved.
he was the prime minister of egypt from 1945 to 1948 .
she was left behind when the other nicoleños were moved to the mainland , though the reason for this is not clear .
james i chose him as a gentleman of the chapel royal , where he was an organist from 1615 until his death .
chauvin was ashamed to get his award and first showed that he may not take it .
later , esperanto speakers began to value the language and the culture that had grown up around it , even if esperanto is never adopted by the united nations or other international organizations .
dry air moved around the southern side of the cyclone and weakened the deep convection by early on september 12 .
calvin baker is a novelist from america.
eva anna paula braun was the long-time companion and wife of adolf hitler from 1912 to 1945.
each license has a unique version number.
most irc servers do not need users to register an account but a user must pick a nickname before connecting .
in that year, he also got a mechanics certificate , making him the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
summerslam  2009  is an upcoming wrestling event produced by wwe  which will be held on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles , california .
usually portrayed as bald , with long whiskers , he is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
some animals can change their color in different environments, either seasonally or very quickly, like cephalopods.
val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match and retained the wwf intercontinental championship  14:10  venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera .
the unix philosophy is to have multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together with universal interfaces .
his mother larue was an administrative assistant and singer and his father keith brion was a band director at yale.
the largest mennonite populations are in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states , but mennonites can also be found in small communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or spread amongst the people of those countries .
naas is a major " dublin suburb " town , with many people commuting to work in dublin .
acanthopholis had oval plates almost horizontally set into the skin , with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area , along the spine .
irmo was chartered on christmas eve in 1890 due to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the house of lords .
before his final release in 1474 , when he began plans for the reconquest of wallachia , vlad stayed with his wife in a house in the hungarian capital .
you can add a phrase of up to five words as a front-cover text , and a phrase of up to 25 words as a back-cover text , to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
Bone marrow is located inside the hollow parts of bones.
reflection nebulae appear blue because blue light is scattered more efficiently than red light .
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse département in southern france , in the region provence-alpes-côte d ' azur .
macgruber requests items to create something to disarm the bomb , but he is then interrupted by something related to his personal life , making him unable to finish in time .
messiaen's composition was substantially complete when he died and yvonne loriod orchestrated the final movement with guidance from george benjamin.
shi ' a muslims view karbala as one of their holiest cities after mecca, medina, jerusalem, and najaf.
the pad demanded the resignation of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat , whom they accused of being proxies for thaksin .
travel on isolated tracks usually requires advance planning and a suitable , reliable vehicle , usually a four wheel drive .
while at kahn he was the lead architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he apologizes as he needs to go for rehearsal , and he and dr. schön exit .
britpop was a style of music that began in the early 1990s and was inspired by british guitar pop from the 1960s and 1970s .
this was added to battalions being created for xi international brigade .
the sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines , and shorter trains are used .
it has a capacity of 98,772 , making it the biggest stadium in europe , and the eleventh biggest in the world .
in december 1967, ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by israel.
some articles are lengthy and informative while others are short and of lower quality .
95 species are accepted.
eugowra is said to be named after an indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill ".
words like " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are often used in English .
jurisdiction is based on public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to use resources to best serve its native society .
he composed several pieces about hiawatha , such as the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is aracaju.
farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for almost ten years .
gumbasia was made in a style vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles .
brandon waise lee inspired mk sun to become a lawyer .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an old township near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .
donaldson joined the australian army on 18 june 2002 .
prospectors from california , europe and china were mining along the peel river and up the mountain slopes .
the slide rule was the main calculation tool before the pocket calculator .
the kindle 2 features a 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , faster page-refreshing , text-to-speech option , and its overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  .
Yoghurt is a dairy product made through bacterial fermentation of milk.
seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame , more than any other position , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
various views on the subject have been suggested over the years , but all have been rejected by mainstream christian churches .
the album was not allowed in many record stores .
the legs are wide near the top and narrow near the ankle.
in late 2004 , suleman removed howard stern's show from four citadel stations , as he frequently discussed his move to sirius satellite radio.
the company opened more canadian outlets than mcdonald 's and had higher system-wide sales than mcdonald's canadian operations as of 2002 .
captain caleb holt  kirk cameron  is a firefighter in albany , georgia and follows the cardinal rule of all firemen , " never leave your partner behind " .
he won the presidential election held on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the votes .
the plant is a living fossil .
in 1990 , she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia .
in 1913 , stravinsky first thought of writing the ballet .
Protests were suppressed nationwide.
Offenbach's operettas, such as orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène, were popular in both France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
roof tiles from the tang dynasty with this symbol have been found near the ancient city of chang ' an  modern-day xian  .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux  february 13 , 1921 november 11 , 1968  , was a french musician , composer , and pedagogue .
it was hard to control the instrument.
santa maria maggiore  st. mary the greater  is the earliest existing church in assisi .
radar observations show a mostly iron-nickel composition .
railway gazette international is a monthly business magazine focusing on the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries globally .
he was given the honour of being a companion of honour in 1988.
loèche holds the onyx system , the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
matchbooks are small folders containing matches which have a rough surface to strike them on.
she objected to cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women .
defiantly, she vowed never to renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
oel manga series graystripe 's trilogy is a three volume original english-language manga series about graystripe between the time he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight.
many of the syrian immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with americans on a daily basis , according to samovar & porter  1994  , p . 84.
he was also renowned for his prints , book covers , posters , and metalwork garden furniture .
during childhood she experienced collapsed lungs twice , pneumonia 4-5 times a year , a ruptured appendix , and a tonsillar cyst .
dr. david lindenmeyer argues that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable , as evidenced by the need of leadbeater's possum for nest boxes .
the montreal canadiens are an ice hockey team from montreal , quebec , canada .
Small inductors can be built on integrated circuits using the same processes as transistors.
the word gribble was first used to describe wood-boring species , particularly the species limnoria lignorum from norway which was described by rathke in 1799 .
wounds from a club are known as bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
afterwards the county 's management was done at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has completed a quadruple axel in a competition .
from the telephone exchange , the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations in the harbour.
however , even for those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention to pray , there are still rules to follow .
it is described as having a pointy face and being the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by the amount of work it can do compared to the time and resources used .
some of the biggest reservoirs in the world are along the volga .
the crosier symbolizes the monasteries of the region.
human skin shades can vary from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank in chicago aided yunus with the formation of the bank using a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer said saddam will go on trial , but the specifics of it have not been decided .
the professional hockey writers ' association vote for the all-star team at the conclusion of the regular season .
tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan are bordered by afghanistan to the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south and the people 's republic of china to the east .
nupedia was established on march 9 , 2000 , by bomis , inc , a web portal company .
the design has key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule .
iain grieve was born on 19 february , 1987 in jwaneng , botswana and is a rugby union back-rower for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
other settlements close by are pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
in 1964, the quark model was proposed by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig.
a fourth golden garland-decorated ring was added to the column in 1938-39 when it was moved to its current location.
west berlin had its own postal service , separate from west germany 's , and it issued its own postage stamps until 1990 .
sandro botticelli painted the primavera in c . 1482 .
sydney is the largest city and capital of new south wales.
the polymer is usually epoxy , but other polymers such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon can also be used .
the name of the magazine is used for a related digital television channel , digital radio station , and website .
when he was four-and-a-half years old, he was left alone on the streets of northern italy and he lived in various orphanages and traveled with groups of other homeless children for the next four years.
stands were put behind each set of goals in the 1980s and 1990s as the ground started to be modernized .
a town may be referred to as a market town or have market rights even if it does not have a market , as long as the right to do so still exists .
a bastion was built on the eastern approaches.
on July 29, Olav Haraldsson lost to his pagan vassals and was killed in the Battle of Stiklestad in Norway.
some have thought that tresca was killed by the nkvd due to criticizing the stalin government of the soviet union .
montenegro and serbia became independent countries.
use html and css markup carefully and only for good reason .
schuschnigg quickly denied publicly that reports of riots were false .
addiscombe is located in the london borough of croydon , england .
in some cases , constituent can refer to a citizen living in an area governed, represented, or served by a politician, usually one who voted for them.
prunk is a member of institute of european history in mainz and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn .
stallone appeared in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead , the crew created a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the " hovercraft " and shot the scene while driving up templin highway north of santa clarita .
the conference papers were published in a book the following year titled ' microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory ' by phelps et al .
the wario land series is a platforming series that began with wario land : super mario land 3 , a spin-off of the super mario land series .
frédéric chopin composed opus 57 , a berceuse for solo piano .
these attacks could have been psychological instead of physical .
a historian said that " quinine 's effectiveness allowed colonists to settle in the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa " .
additionally , spectroscopic studies have revealed evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which point to a stony surface composition .
she edited her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury looks like the moon : it has many craters with areas of flat plains , no moons , and no atmosphere .
the town lies in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
these areas are good for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull habitats .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was ruled by turkish and afghan governors from the delhi sultanate before the mughals came in 1608 .
the prime minister can remain in office as long as they have the support of the lower house .
for rowling , this scene is important because it displays harry's bravery , and by bringing back cedric's body , he shows selflessness and compassion.
on june 1 , 1972 , raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were caught after a long shootout in frankfurt .
they formed new music manchester , which was devoted to contemporary music .
hurricane donna caused great destruction in the upper florida keys with a storm surge of 18 to 20 feet.
it is now the home of meher baba's samadhi tomb-shrine and provides facilities and accommodations for pilgrims .
the dome of the main church has been fully restored.
in 2005 , meissner became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in a competition .
salem is located in essex county , massachusetts , united states .
there are forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse .
saint martin is an island in the northeast caribbean, about 186 miles away from puerto rico.
thus , these pdfs can not be shared without further changes if they include images .
in april 1862 , ben was arrested for participating in an armed robbery whilst with frank gardiner .
it rained heavily in some parts of britain on october 5 , resulting in localized flooding .
version 2009.1 offers a usb installer to make a live usb where the user 's settings and data can be saved if wanted .
the free democratic party  fdp  was allocated 2 seats , christian democratic people 's party  cvp  2 , social democratic party  sp  2 and swiss people 's party  svp  1 .
a fee is the payment for services rendered, especially for professionals like doctors, lawyers, and consultants.
ohio state has twenty-one libraries located on its columbus campus .
iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of norway , while scotland was able to defeat a norse invasion and sign a favorable peace treaty .
five singles were released from the album, including " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in 2000, minix became free / open source software with a permissive free software licence , however other operating systems had become more advanced , leaving minix mainly for students and hobbyists .
the body color of the animal is usually medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and usually has dark brown spots , especially on the limbs .
the britannica was a scottish enterprise , as symbolised by its thistle logo , the flower of scotland .
the warning issued on september 22 was extended southwards as jose intensified , then canceled after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune reported that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders had confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the start of combat .
the latter gave audiences the same information that intertitles provide now , which helps historians imagine what the movie looked like.
real estate , businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can not be used as collateral to get capital for industrial and commercial growth .
he escaped from sydney cove multiple times before he was killed in 1796 .
ned and dan went to the police camp and ordered them to surrender.
before the second game started , the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " stunt was not as successful as veeck's other promotions .
in a short video promoting equality now , joss whedon confirmed that " fray is not done , it is coming back .
a mutant is a kind of character seen in marvel comics.
the SAT  formerly called the scholastic aptitude test and scholastic assessment test  is a test used for college admissions in the us .
civil unrest in northern italy created the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants .
reports say that various factors can cause paralysis and hallucinations .
his sentence was to be transported to australia for seven years .
waugh writes that charles had been " in search of love " when he first met sebastian , finding " a low door in the wall that opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , a metaphor that influences the work on many levels.
her friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also significant in her life .
dorsal means structures on the back side of an animal .
berzelius coined the term " protein " after mulder observed that all proteins had the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang hid for 16 months to avoid being caught .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in france .
the color is usually orange to pale yellow.
in 1963 an extension was added , curving north from union station , below university avenue and queen 's park to close to bloor street , turning west to end at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , a part of the commonwealth railways central australian line went along the western side of the simpson desert .
it is situated on an old portage trail that went west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death .
mesoamerica's largest sub-region, it covered a diverse landscape from the mountains of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán.
google then released the comic on google books and their site and mentioned it on its official blog with an explanation for the early publication .
anyone can register a pedigree with the college , which has a thorough internal audit and requires official proofs before being changed .
the book , political economy , was published in 1985 but was not widely used in classrooms.
he toured with the ipo in 1990, performing in the soviet union, and again in 1994 in china and india.
napoleonic wars : austrian general mack surrenders his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm , yielding 30,000 prisoners and 10,000 casualties to the losers.
it is a main economic area of northern nigeria and a major groundnuts exporter .
most south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora won the band awards and honors.
the wwf cavalry faced off against kane and jericho , then attacked.
richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman wrote most of the songs .
in the 5th century slavs began to move into the area .
From 1900 to 1920, many new buildings were erected on campus, including for the dental and pharmacy programs, chemistry, natural sciences, Hill Auditorium, a hospital, library, and two residence halls.
Winchester is in Scott County, Illinois.
the name arzashkun appears to be the assyrian version of an armenian name ending in -ka created from a proper name arzash , which is similar to the name arsene , arsissa , used by the ancients to refer to part of lake van .
out of 16,421 participants in the national casting , she was selected from the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show .
its episodes aired on the abc network from september 21, 1993 to march 1, 2005.
the device can then be created and used in less strict environments.
gimnasia hired well-known colombian trainer francisco maturana and then julio césar falcioni , but both had limited success .
brighton is in washington county , iowa , USA .
she also starred in music videos such as " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
glinde was granted its town charter on june 24, 1979 for its 750th anniversary.
pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 , and the mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , now described as " mario 's friend ".
the vagina is stretchable and can expand multiple times its normal size during childbirth .
it is believed his birth date is between 1935 and 1939, but it was never recorded.
the half maximal inhibitory concentration (IC50) measures how much of a drug or substance is needed to inhibit a biological process or its component by half.
although the name implies they are in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern , parts of the bernese alps are in neighboring cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
there he had one daughter , later named mary ann fisher power , to ann  e  power .
edward gorey expressed his admiration for bawden in an interview, regretting that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist.
the string can create different vibrations just like a guitar string can create different notes , and each vibration is seen as a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable was nominated for an academy award when he acted as fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .
