One side of the armed conflicts is composed mainly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed militias.
Jeddah is the main gateway to Mecca, Islam's holiest city. Muslims are required to visit it at least once in their lifetime.
The large dark spot on Neptune is thought to represent a hole in the methane cloud deck.
His next work, Saturday, follows an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord and attached it to the ball.
He died six weeks later on January 888.
They are culturally akin to the coastal people of Papua New Guinea.
Since 2000, the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been given the colin mears award worth £ 5000.
Dancers follow the drummers, who often play the small drum that makes almost no sound and tend to have more elaborate choreography.
The spacecraft consists of two main elements: the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe.
Alessandro " sandro" Mazzola was born on 8 November 1942.
It was thought that the pieces that came up from the collision filled in the smaller craters.
Graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943.
however, the bzö differs from the freedom party, as they are in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon treaty but against an eu-withdrawal.
Many species of plants vanished by the end of the nineteenth century, with European Settlement.
Wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame in 1987.
In its pure form, dextromethorphan exists as a white powder.
Admission to Tsinghua is extremely competitive.
Today, NRC is organised as an independent, private foundation.
It's located at the coast of the Baltic Sea, enclosing the city of Stralsund.
He was also given the 1982 Sportsman of the Year award by sports Illustrated.
Fives is a British sport believed to come from the same origins as many racquet sports.
For example, King Bhumibol was born on Monday, so on his birthday throughout Thailand will be decorated with yellow colors.
Both the national museum of Scotland and the name for it (the museum of Scotland) disappeared in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland.
notwithstanding, Tagore emulated many styles, including craftwork from northern new zealand, haida carvings from the west coast of Canada, and woodcuts by max pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, presidential candidate John F. Kennedy proposed the concept of the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She sang for President Reagan in 1988's great performances at the White House series.
Perry Saturn and Terri Guerrero fought Eddie Guerrero with Chyna as the champion to win the World Wrestling Federation (WWF) European championship at 8:10 p.m. on November 8, 1991. Saturn pinned Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
She remain in the United States until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France.
despina was discovered in late July, 1989 by the Voyagers 2 probe.
The first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 September 1921 at Brescia.
He also completed two collections of short stories, called the ribbajack & other curious yarns, and seven strange and ghostly tales.
at the Voyager 2 image of ophelia, the major axis points towards uranus.
The British decided to eliminate him and take the land by force.
Some towns in the eyre highway in the south-east corner of Western Australia don't follow official Western Australian time.
in architectural decoration, small pieces of colorful and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays, which have been used to decorate walls, furniture and boxes.
The other incorporated cities on the palos verdes Peninsula include Rancho Palos Verdes, rolling hills estates and rolling hills.
Clank and Ratchet hoping that they can stop Dekar from destroying the galaxy, they ask Ratchet to help them find Captain Qwark.
It's not really a louse.
He advocates applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also strives towards popularizing interaction design as a mainstream discipline.
It's theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you, and the administrator who blocked you, are part of a conspiracy against someone halfway around the world they've never met in person.
The working group assesses scientific aspects of climate change.
The island chain forms part of the Hebrides, separated from the scottish mainland and from the inner Hebrides by the stormy waters of the Minch, the little Minch and the sea of the Hebrides.
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie on July 12, 2008.
Formal Minor Planet Designations are number-name combinations overseen by the minor planet center.
September 30th saw a dramatic increase in wind shear, and a weakening trend began.
Each entry has a data point a nugget of data that is a copy of the data point in some backing store.
as a result, although many mosques will not enforce laws , both men and women when attending a mosque must adhere to these guidelines.
In mariel of redwall, by brian Jacques, a fantasy novel, a character named mariel lives in a world where redwall is a color.
Ryan Prosser was born on July 10, 1988, and is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
like past reports, it consists of four reports, three of them from its working groups.
Their granddaughter helène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris, and their grandson, Pierre Joliot, is a noted biochemist.
This stamp remained the standard letter stamp for Victoria's reign and vast quantities were printed.
The international fight league was an American mixed martial arts promotion billed as the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia is synonymous with lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonises and reproduces in the small intestine, causing giardiasis.
Aside from this, Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions, among them the post-rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War.
This was the area east of the mouth of the Vistula River, later sometimes called " Prussia."
Aftergraduation, he returned to Yerevan to teach at the local conservatory.
The story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew .
Weelkes was then in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and unwise behaviour.
so far, ' celebrity ' episodes have included Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady, and Lee Ryan.
It was discovered by Stephen P. Synnott in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5, 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter.
Gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show, hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
The release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website.
He is also in another jungery boyband 183 club.
The apostolic tradition, attributed to the theologian Hippolytus, attests the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early Christian agape feasts.
In return,Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and undertook to defend the northern region of France against the incursions of other Viking groups.
It's derived from the voice of America.
Disney got a full-size Oscar statue and seven miniature ones, presented to him by 10-year-old actress Shirley Temple.
It was the first asteroid to be found by a spacecraft.
Hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.
It continues as Bohemia in the Czech Republic.
This leads to consumer confusion when referring to 220,1,048,576 bytes as 1 megabyte instead of 1 megabyte.
The Incident has been the subject of many reports as to ethics in scholarship.
They are castrated so that the animal may be more docile or may put on more weight quickly.
Seventh sons have strong magical abilities and are very rare and powerful.
Benchmarking conducted by passmark software highlights the 2009 version's 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 mb memory utilization.
Volterra is a town in Tuscany, Italy.
historically, it was found that itch and pain sharing several features in common.
The tongue is sticky because of the glycoprotein-rich mucous.
The same tram derailed on 30 May 2006 at Starr Gate Loop during the past trials.
There are statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, both former Ipswich town and England managers, outside the ground.
Tangent sum of the variance.
Volunteers provided food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern France.
If there are no strong land use controls, buildings are built along a bypass, converting it into an ordinary town road, and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid.
It is also a starting point for people wanting to explore Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises often cause pain but are not usually dangerous.
None of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, vandals, or anyone else connected with Wikipedia can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages.
George Frideric Handel also served as kapellmeister for George, elector of Hanover, who eventually became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small and their visual acuity is poor.
They are rivaled as biological substances in toughness only by chitin.
Oregano is an essential ingredient in Greek cuisine.
Tickets can be bought for national rail services, the docklands light railway and for oyster card.
These works he produced and published himself, while his much larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned.
The historical method uses primary sources and other evidence to research and write history.
The immense weight of the continental icecap sits on top of Lake Vostok. This contributes to the high oxygen concentration.
as of 2000, the population was 89,148.
Aliteracy can be seen as the state of being able to read but not being interested in doing so.
Mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound used as a medicine.
It will then slowly dislodge itself and sink back to the river bed in order to eat its food and wait for its next meal.
furthermore, research has shown that children are less likely to report crime if it involves someone that he or she knows, trusts, and / or cares about.
Today, Landis " father" has become a supportive backer of his son and regards himself as one of Floyd's biggest fans.
shortly after reaching Category 4 status, the outer convection became jagged.
The equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage.
convinced that the grounds were haunted, they decided to publish their findings in a book, an adventure, under the pseudonyms of Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He settled in London and devoted himself mainly to practical teaching.
brunstad has several fast food restaurants and a cafeteria-style restaurant, a coffee bar and its own grocery store.
He left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region.
in 1438, trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia. thenceforth its history merges first with that of the states of the church, then 1860 with the united kingdom of Italy.
The depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation without convection and dissipated the next day over Brazil, where it caused heavy rains and flooding.
The new york city housing authority police department was an agency that existed from 1952 to 1995.
The current lineup features Flynn on vocals, guitar, duce, bass, Phil Demmel on guitar, and Dave McCallion on drums.
Advocacy countries with a minority Muslim population are more likely than those with a majority Muslim population in the greater Middle East to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation.
The characters are foul mouths that are extensions of their earlier characters.
Johan was also the original bassist of the swedish power metal band Hammerfall, but left before the band ever released a studio album.
In 1998, Culver ran for Iowa secretary of state and was victorious.
in 1990, mark messier took the hart over ray bourque by a margin of two votes.
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he impulsively defied that law, and inadvertently initiated a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony's home, forcing their premature migration, and his separation from them.
The female equivalent is a daughter.
He was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April 1999.
The national park service closed visitor centers and campsites on the outer bank before the storm.
The form of chess played is speed chess, in which each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game.
The Amazon Basin is the part of South America drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two previous presidents were later separately charged with treason and mutiny for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre.
Moderate to severe damage has been extended up the Atlantic coastline and as far inland as West Virginia.
because the users tend not to be aware of the computers, they are metaphorically compared to zombies.
The wave traveled across the Atlantic Ocean, and organized into a tropical depression off the Northern Coast of Haiti on September 13.
For example, the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated yearly.
The four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke and gospel of john . These texts probably were written between 65 and 100.
since the end of the 19th century, eschelbronn is well-known for its furniture manufacturing industry .
The upper half of the coat of arms of the former Oberbarnim district looks like the arms of the former district.
unlike the clouds on Earth, Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane.
They become legal adults when they reach the age of 18.
Development stable releases are rare, but there are often subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use.
Finally, in 1482, the order sent him to Florence, the ‘city of his destiny.’
in the Soviet years, the Bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov's principal landmarks - Alexander Nevsky Cathedral 1908 and George Cathedral in Nakhichevan 1783-1807.
He died on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the church of San Benito D'Alcantara.
This was demonstrated in the miller-urey experiment by Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey in 1953.
Chipping is the use of a heat engine or power station to simultaneously generate both electricity and useful heat.
Sometimes the " den master " will also let a second male into the den; why this is is unknown.
A wikipedia gadget is a javascript and / or css snippet that can be enabled by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences.
Below are some useful links to help you involved.
He served as the prime minister of Egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948.
She was left behind when the rest of the Nicoleños were moved to the mainland.
James I appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal.
Chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially indicated he may not accept it.
Later, Esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as ends in themselves, even if Esperanto is never adopted by the United Nations or other international organizations.
The deep convection around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of it by early on September 12.
Calvin baker is an American author.
Eva Braun, who died in April 1945, was Hitler's longtime companion and wife for a brief time.
Each license has a distinguishing number.
Most internet servers don't require users to register an account, but a user will need to set a nickname before being connected.
That same year, he also received a mechanics certificate, becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
Summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by world Wrestling Entertainment, which will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
usually depicted as being bald and with long whiskers, he is said to be an incarnation of the south polestar.
Some animals have chromatic response, changing color in changing environments, either seasonally or more rapidly with chromatophores in their integument.
val venis defeated Rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the Intercontinental Championship at 14:10.
This closely resembles the Unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces.
He was born into a musical family; his mother, Larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale.
The largest populations of mennonites are in Canada, the Democratic Republic of Congo, the United States, but mennonites can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the populace of those countries.
naas is a " dublin suburb " town with many people living in it and working in dublin .
acanthopholis 's armour consisted of square plates set almost horizontally into the skin and with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area .
The origin of irmo was chartered on Christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry, and Laurens Railroad.
reverse, bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the house of lords.
In the years leading up to his final release in 1474, when he began preparations for the reconquest of Wallachia, Vlad resided with his new wife in the Hungarian capital.
You may add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text, and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text, to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version.
He's buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is the flexible tissue found in the hollow interior of bones.
Reflection Nebula are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red.
Monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse département in southern France, in the area provence-alpes-côte d'azur.
Macgruber starts asking for simple things to make something to defuse the bomb, but he gets distracted by something usually involving his personal life that makes him run out of time.
This was substantially complete when Maurice Messiaen died and Yvonne Loriod undertook the final orchestration with advice from George Benjamin.
Shi ' a Muslims consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem, and Najaf.
The pad called for the resignation of the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat, whom the pad accused of being proxies for Thaksin.
however travelling through very remote areas, on isolated tracks, requires advanced planning and a suitable vehicle, usually a four-wheel drive.
while Kahn was chief architect for the fisher building in 1928.
He excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal and he and dr. schön leave.
Britpop emerged from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
This was absorbed into battalions being formed for the xi international brigade.
The sheppard line currently doesn't have as many users as the other two subway lines, and shorter trains are run.
It has the capacity to hold 98,772 people, making it the largest stadium in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world.
in December, 1967, Ten Boom was honoured as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of Israel.
Some articles are quite lengthy and rich in content while others are shorter, possibly stubs and of lesser quality.
about 95 different species have been accepted.
The word eugowra is said to be named after the Australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill."
Terms such as " underwear " and " movie " for " moving picture " are often heard in English.
Jurisdiction comes from public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society.
He followed this up with other pieces about Hiawatha: The death of Minnehaha, overture to the song of Hiawatha and Hiawatha 's departure.
the capital of the state is Aracaju.
despite this, farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
Gumbasia was created in a way that was called kinesthetic film principles.
The lawyer, Brandon Waise Lee, and MK Sun became their idols and they grew up to be lawyers.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an Australian township located near Cowra in the central west of New South Wales, Australia.
Donald Johnson enlisted in the Australian Army on 18 June 2002.
prospectors from California, Europe, and China were also looking for gold and silver in the foothills and mountains.
Before the advent of the pocket calculator, it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering.
The Kindle 2 features 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, 20 percent faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud, and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches.
Yoghurt or yogurt is a dairy product produced by bacterial fermentation of milk.
Seventy-five defensemen are in the hall of fame, more than any other current position, while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries, but all were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
The album was banned from many stores nationwide.
The legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
In late 2004, Suleman cut Howard Stern's radio show from four television stations, citing Stern's frequent discussions about his upcoming move to Sirius satellite radio.
The company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's " Wendy's confirms Tim Hortons' IPO by March" , Ottawa Business Journal, December 1, 2005, and system-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002.
plot captain Caleb Holt, Kirk Cameron, and Anthony Ziegler are all firefighters in Albany, Georgia, and strictly adhere to the cardinal rule of all firefighters, " never leave your partner behind."
He won the presidential election on 2 march 2008 with 71.25% of the popular vote.
The plant is considered a living fossil.
1990 was the only year a female entertainer was allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
OrchestrationStravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests across the nation were quashed.
offenbach 's numerous operas, such as orpheus in the underworld or la belle hélène, were very popular in both France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles dating back to the Tang Dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of Xian.
Jean-Marie Madeleine-Désirée Demessieux, February 13, 1921, November 11, 1968, was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
By most accounts, the instrument was easily controlled.
The Santa Maria Maggiore and St. Mary the greater church in Assisi are the earliest extant churches in Italy.
characteristics radar observations indicate a fairly pure iron-nickel composition.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly business journal covering the railway industry worldwide.
He was appointed a Companion of Honour in 1988.
Loèche house the installation of onyx, the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a small cardboard folder enclosing a quantity of matches and having a coarse striking surface on the exterior.
She was one of the first doctors to object to smoking around children, and drug use in pregnant women.
definitely, she vowed to never part ways with the commune, and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
There is a three volume original English-language manga series following graystripe after he was taken by twolegs in dawn.
Samovar & Porter 1994, 84. Syrian immigrants didn't congregate in urban areas; many of the ones who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis.
He was also well-known for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
during childhood, she had collapsed lungs 2-3 times a year, a ruptured appendix, and had a tonsillar cyst.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer at Australian National University has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable, for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum.
The montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors.
The term grizzle was originally given to the wood-boring species, especially the first species described from Norway by Rathke in 1799.
bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries are generally known as
thereafter, the county's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has yet accomplished a quadruple Axel in competition.
From the telephone exchange, the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour.
however, even though one does not want to pray at a mosque, there are still rules that still apply.
It is described as pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit.
Computer performance is measured by how much work a computer system can do compared to how much time and resources it uses.
Some of the biggest reservoirs in the world can be found along the Volga.
The crosier signifies the monasteries in the region.
Human skin tones can range from very dark brown to very pale pink.
bankers from shorebank, a community development bank in Chicago, helped Yunus with the official incorporation of the bank.
Bremer plans to put Saddam on trial, but claims that the details of such a trial haven't yet been decided.
The professional hockey writers' association vote to choose the all-star team at the end of the regular season.
The borders of Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, and China line up to the north, west, south, and east.
nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000, by Bomis, Inc., a web portal company.
Some notable features of the design include key-dependent S-boxes and a highly complex key schedule.
Iain Grieve was born on February 19, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana, and is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Other nearby settlements include Pont-Bellanger and Beaumesnil.
The quark model was independently proposed by physicists Murray Gell-mann and George Zweig in 1964.
The fourth ring is ornamented with golden garlands and was added in 1938.
West Berlin had its own postal administration separate from West German's, which issued its own postage stamps until 1990.
The Primavera painting by the Italian Renaissance painter Sandro Botticelli, c. 1482.
Sydney is the largest city in New South Wales.
The polymer is usually epoxy, but other polymers, such as polyester, vinyl ester or nylon, are also sometimes used.
The name lives on as a brand for a related spin-off digital television channel, digital radio station, and website that have survived the demise of the printed magazine.
At four-and-a-half years old, he was left alone on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years, living in various orphanages and roaming through towns with groups of other homeless children.
stood behind each goal during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be developed.
A town can be accurately described as a market town or have market rights even if it no longer has a market.
A bastion was built on the eastern approaches.
events on July 29th happened in Europe - the battle of Stiklestad happened in Norway.
Others have theorized that tresca was eliminated in retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime in the Soviet Union.
This led to Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries.
Use html and css sparingly and only for reasons that make sense.
Schuschnigg immediately responded that reports of riots were false.
Addiscombe is a suburb in the London borough of Croydon, England.
depending on the context, another closely related meaning of constituent is someone who lives or is living in the area governed, represented, or otherwise served by a politician.
Prunk is a part of the institute of European history in Mainz and a senior fellow of the center for European integration studies in Bonn.
stallone also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger.
instead of a traditional tripod or monopod, the crew built a cantilevered arm attached to the "hovercraft" and shot the scene while riding up templin highway north of Santa Clarita.
The papers were published the next year in a book economic foundations of employment and inflation theory by Phelps et al.
The wario land series is a platforming series that started with wario land: super mario land 3, a spin-off of the super mario land series.
Frédéric Chopin's opus 57 is a lullaby for solo piano.
These attacks may have been psychological in origin.
A historian has stated that " quinine 's efficacy gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , Nigeria and other parts of west africa ".
furthermore, spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, which suggests a stony surface composition.
She became the authoritative editor of her husband's works for Breitkopf and Härtel.
Mercury is similar in appearance to the moon. It is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains, has no natural satellites, and no substantial atmosphere.
The town is located in the limmat valley between Baden and Zurich.
These areas provide excellent habitats for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull.
After the SENA dynasty, DHAKA was successively ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors descending from the DELHI sultanate before the arrival of the Mughals in 1608.
The prime minister stays in office as long as they keep the support of the lower house.
for Ronald , this scene is important because it shows Harry's bravery and by retrieving Cedric's corpse, he demonstrates his compassion.
On June 1, 1972, He, Jan-Carl Raspe, Holger Meins and another RAF member were apprehended after a long shootout in Frankfurt.
Together, they formed new music Manchester, a group committed to contemporary music.
The intense hurricane caused extensive damage in the upper Florida Keys.
It is now the site of Meher Baba's Samadhi Tomb Shrine as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
The collapsed dome of the main church has been completely restored.
In 2005, Meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition.
salem is a city in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States.
Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been tallied.
The island of Saint Martin is located in the northeast Caribbean Sea, about 300 kilometers east of Puerto Rico.
therefore, thesepdfs can not be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images.
in April 1862, Ben was arrested by police inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger on the orders of the police.
Heavy rain fell across parts of Britain on October 5, causing localized flooding.
Version 2009.1 provides a USB installer to create a live USB, where the user's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired.
In approximate relation to the parties' respective strengths in the Federal Assembly, the seats were distributed as follows: Free Democratic Party (FDP) - 2 members, Christian Democratic People's Party (CVP) - 2 members, Social Democratic Party (SP) - 2 members, and Swiss People's Party (SVP) - 1 member.
A fee is the amount one pays for services, especially the honorarium paid to a doctor, lawyer, consultant, or other member of a learned profession.
Ohio State's library system encompasses twenty-one libraries located on its Columbus campus.
In other developing nations, both Iceland and Greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway, but Scotland was able to repulse a Norwegian invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement.
The singles from the album included " by the way ", " the zephyr song ", " can't stop ", " dosed ", and " universally speaking ".
In April 2000, Minix became free under a permissive free software license, but other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists.
The body color varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white, and occasionally it is marked with dark brown spots.
The britannica was primarily a Scottish enterprise.
The warning was extended southwards before being canceled.
in August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune reported that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders had confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat.
The latter helped audiences gain knowledge about the film by providing intertitles, and can help historians imagine the film might have been like.
That's because real estate, businesses, and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can not be used to finance industrial and commercial expansion.
He bolted from Sydney Cove several times before being shot dead in 1796.
ned and dan advanced to the police station, ordering them to surrender.
Before the second game got going, the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance had not been up to usual promotional standards.
In a short promotional video for the charity, Equality Now, Joss Whedon confirmed that "forgery is not done," "forgery is coming back."
A mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel.
The SAT and ACT are tests for college admissions in the United States.
Civil unrest in northern Italy spawns the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder.
Some reports say various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations.
His sentence was sent to Australia for seven years.
Waugh writes thatCHARLES had been " in search of love in those days" when he first met Sebastian, finding "that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden" .
Her notorious friendship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was also an important factor in her life.
The term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are either located away from or grow off the side of an animal.
The term "protein" was coined by Berzelius, after Mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of large molecule.
After the jerilderie raid, the gang laid low for 16 months, evading capture.
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern France.
Color ranges from orange to yellow.
in 1963 an addition was added, curving north fromunion station, below university avenue and queen's park to near bloor street, where it turned west to terminate at st. george and bloor streets.
Before 1980, a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed along the western side of the Simpson desert.
It is located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia or sudden heart death or both.
as the largest sub-region in Mesoamerica, it encompassed a vast and varied landscape, from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán.
Google made the comic available on Google Books and their site and mentioned it on their official blog along with an explanation for the early release.
Anyone can register a pedigree with the college, where they are carefully audited and require official proofs before being changed.
The book, political economy, was published in 1985, but didn't gain much classroom acceptance.
He toured with the ipo in 1990 for the first time in the Soviet Union.
Napoleon's wars: Austrian general Mack surrenders his army to Napoleon at Ulm, getting him over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers.
It has been the economic center of northern Nigeria for a long time and a center for the production and export of groundnuts.
Most south Indian people speak one of the five dravidian languages.
meteora earned multiple awards and honors.
After a brief standoff, the WWF cavalry turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho.
Most of the songs were written by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman.
in the 5th century, Slavs started moving into the area.
from 1900 to 1920 many new buildings were constructed on campus, including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a Chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, a hill auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
Winchester is a city in Scott County, Illinois, United States.
The name arzashkun seems to be the Armenian form of an armenian name ending in -ka formed from a proper name arzash , which recalls the name arsene , arsissa , applied by the ancients to part of lake van .
Out of 16,421 participants in the national casting, she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show.
Its episodes aired on theabc network from its debut on September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
The later device can then be used in less stringent environments.
Gymnastics hired the famed Colombian trainer Francisco Maturana, but his efforts didn't have much success.
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa, United States.
Furthermore, she appeared in several music videos, including " it girl " by John Oates and " just lose it " by Eminem.
on June 24th, 1979, Glinde received its town charter.
Pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994, and later in 2006, although the character is now described as "Mario's friend."
The vagina stretches to many times its normal diameter during childbirth.
His real date of birth was never documented, but it is believed to be a date between 1935 and 1939.
This quantitative measure tells you how much of a particular drug or other substance it needs to inhibit a given biological process or component.
despite the name suggesting they are located in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern , portions of the bernese alps are in the adjacent cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
He had one daughter, later baptized as Mary Ann Fisher, to Anne Power.
during an interview, edward gorey mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists, lamenting the fact that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist.
The string can vibrate in different ways, just as a guitar string can produce different notes. Every mode appears as a different particle: electron, photon, gluon, etc.
Gable also nabbed an academy award nomination when he portrayed Fletcher Christian in 1935's mutiny on the bounty.
