one side of the armed conflicts is made up of the sudanese military and the janjaweed, a sudanese militia group recruited mainly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan.
jeddah is the most important gateway to Mecca, Islam's holiest city, which is able to accommodate able-bodied Muslim men.
The dark spot on the methane cloud deck of Neptune is thought to represent a hole.
his next work is Saturday, following an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord and attached it to the ball, crawling away quickly to the east.
There he died six weeks later on January 888.
They are culturally similar to the coastal people of Papua New Guinea.
since 2000, the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been given the colin mears award of £ 5000.
Following the drummers is dancers, who often play the soo-a tiny drum that makes almost no sound and tend to have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography.
the spacecraft consists of two main elements: the nasa cassini orbiter, named after the Italian-French astronomer Giovannidomenico cassini, and the esa huygens probe, named after the Dutch astronomer, mathematician and physicist christiaan huygens.
alessandro " sandro" mazzola was born on 8 November 1942. He is an Italian former football player.
It was thought that the debris that was thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters.
Graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943 and graduated with a BA in anthropology.
however, the bzö differs from the freedom party a bit in comparison to an eu-withdrawal , as it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty but against an "eu-withdrawal ."
Many species of animals had gone extinct by the end of the 19th century, with European Settlement.
in 1987, wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame.
in its pure form, dextromethorphan is a white powder.
Admission to Tsinghua is extremely competitive.
Today, National Radio Corporation is organized as an independent, private foundation.
It is located on the coast of the Baltic Sea, encompassing the city of Stralsund.
he was also honored with the title of 1982 " sportsman of the year" by sports Illustrated.
fives is a British sport believed to derive from the same origins as many racquet sports.
For example, King Bhumibol Adulyadej was born on Monday, so throughout Thailand will be decorated with yellow colors.
both names were discontinued in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland.
even though, Tagore emulated numerous styles, including craftwork from northern new ireland, haida carvings from the west coast of Canada, and woodcuts by max pechstein.
on October 14, 1960, presidential candidate John F. Kennedy proposed the concept of the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
she performed for president Ronald Reagan in 1988's great performances at the White House.
perry saturn with Terra defeated Eddie Guerrero with Chyna to win the Wwe European Championship at 8:10pm on Saturn pinned Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
she remained in the United States until 1927, when she and her husband returned to France.
despina was discovered in late July, 1989 by the Voyager 2 probe.
The first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 September 1921 at Brescia.
he also completed two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack and other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales.
at the voyager 2 images of ophelia appear as an elongated object, the major axis pointing towards uranus.
The British decided to eliminate him and take the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in the south-east corner of Western Australia don't follow Australian Western Standard Time.
in architectural decoration, small pieces of colorful and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays, which have been used to decorate walls, furniture and boxes.
The other incorporated cities on the peninsula are Palos Verdes Peninsula, Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Fearing that Drek will destroy the galaxy, clank asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark, in an effort to stop Drek.
It is not a true louse.
he advocates applying a user-centered design process to product development cycles and also works towards popularizing interaction design as a mainstream discipline.
It is theoretically possible that the other editors and administrators who may have reported you may be part of a conspiracy against someone who has never even met them in person.
working group ii: assesses scientific aspects of climate change .
The island chain forms part of the Hebrides, separated from the Scottish mainland and from the inner Hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch, the little minch and the sea of the Hebrides.
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie on July 12, 2008.
formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the Minor Planet Center.
By early September 30, wind shear had dramatically increased and a weakening trend had started.
Each entry has a datum, a nugget of data, which is a copy of the datum in some back-up store.
as a result, although many mosques will not enforce violations, both men and women when attending a mosque must adhere to these guidelines.
mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques, published in 1991.
ryan prosser was born on October 10, 1988, and is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
like the previous assessment reports, it consists of four reports, three of which are from its working groups.
Their granddaughter Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of Paris. Their grandson, Pierre Joliot, is a noted biochemist.
This stamp remained the standard letter stamp for Victoria's reign and vast quantities were printed.
The international fight league was an American mixed martial arts  MMA promotion billed as the world's first MMA league.
giardia lamblia is synonymous with lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonises and reproduces in the small intestine, causing giardiasis.
aside from that, cameron has often worked in productions with Christian-themed themes, among them the post-rapture films left behind: the movie, left behind II: tribulation force, and left behind: world at war.
This was the area east of the mouth of the Vistula River, later sometimes called " Prussia proper ".
After graduation, he returned to Yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew .
Weelkes got into trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behaviour.
so far, ' celebrity ' episodes have included Vicky Rees, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Grayson, Carol Thatcher, Paul Grady, and Lee Ryan.
It was discovered by Stephen P. Synnott in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5, 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter.
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show, hosted by Juan Luis Cánovas and Guillermo Fesser.
on 16 June 2009, the official release date for the resistance was announced on the band's website.
He is also a member of another jungery boyband, 183 club.
The apostolic tradition, attributed to theologian Hippolytus, attests that hallel psalms are sung with alleluia as the refrain in early Christian agape feasts.
in return, Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and undertook to defend the northern region of France against the incursions of other Viking groups.
It is derived from the voice of America     voa  special English.
Disney received a full-sized Oscar statue and seven miniature ones, presented to him by 10-year-old child actress Shirley Temple.
It was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft.
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden .
It continues as the Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
This leads to consumer confusion when 220 1,048,576 bytes is referenced as 1 mb instead of 1 mib.
The ethical incident has been the subject of numerous reports in the academic community as to how scholarship should be conducted.
They castrate the animal to make it more docile or make it grow more quickly.
Seventh sons have " knacks " that allow them to perform specific magical abilities. Seventh sons of seventh sons are both extremely rare and powerful.
benchmarking conducted by passmark software highlights the 2009 version's 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 mb memory utilization.
volterra is a town in the Tuscany region of Italy.
historically, the sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other until recently, where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain, but exhibit notable differences.
The tongue is sticky because of the glycoprotein-rich mucous. It also helps to catch ants and termites.
The same tram derailed on May 30 2006 at the Starr Gate Loop during previous trials.
There are statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, both former Ippenham town and England managers, outside the ground.
take the square root of the variance.
Volunteers Provided Food, Blankets, Water, Children's Toys, Massages, and a Live Rock Band Performance for the Stadium.
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern France.
If there are no strong land use controls, buildings are built on the bypass, which will turn into an ordinary town road, and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid.
It is also a starting point for people wanting to explore Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
bruises can sometimes cause pain, but they're not considered dangerous.
None of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, vandals, or anyone else connected with Wikipedia can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages.
george frideric handel also served as kapellmeister for George, elector of Hanover who eventually became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small and their visual acuity is poor.
They are physically stronger than chitin.
Oregano is an essential ingredient in greek cuisine.
tickets can be sold for national rail services, the docklands light railway, and on an oyster card.
These works he produced and published himself, whilst his much larger woodcuts were usually commissioned work.
The historical method is the use of primary sources and other evidence to research and write history.
The sheer weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of Lake Vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration.
as of 2000, the population was 89,148.
aliteracy is the state of being able to read, but being uninterested in doing so.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid that is used as a pharmaceutical.
It will then try to dislodge itself and sink back to the river bed in order to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
furthermore, research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that they know, trust, and / or cares about.
today, landis ' father has become a supportive and healthy backer of his son. He regards himself as one of Floyd 's biggest fans.
shortly after becoming category 4, the outer convection became ragged.
The equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage.
convinced that the grounds were haunted and decided to publish their findings in a book, an adventure 1911, under the pseudonyms of Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
he settled in London, devoted himself chiefly to practical teaching.
brunstad has several fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, coffee bar, and its own grocery store.
He left a detachment of 11,000 soldiers to garrison the newly conquered region.
in 1438, Trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia, and thenceforth its history merges with that of the states of the church, then 1860 with the United Kingdom of Italy.
The depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation devoid of convection and dissipated the next day over Brazil, where it caused heavy rains and flooding.
the new york city housing authority police department was an agency that existed from 1952 to 1995.
the current lineup of the band consists of flynn on vocals, guitar, duce on bass, phil demmel on guitar, and dave mcclain on drums.
advocacy countries with a minority Muslim population are more likely to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation.
the characters are foul-mouthed extensions of their earlier characters Pete and Dud.
Johan was the original bassist of the Swedish power metal band Hammerfall, but he quit before they ever released a studio album.
in 1998, Culver ran for Iowa Secretary of State and was victorious.
in 1990, Mark Messier won the Hart over Ray Bourque by a margin of two votes.
shade sets the main plot in motion when he impulsively defied that law, and inadvertently initiates a chain of events leading to the destruction of his colony's home and his separation from them.
the female equivalent is a daughter.
he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April 1999.
prior to the arrival of the storm, the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks.
The form of chess played is speed chess in which each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game.
The Amazon Basin is the part of South America drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were later separately charged with treason and mutiny for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre.
moderate to severe damage extended inland along the Atlantic coastline and as far as west Virginia .
because the owner is unaware, these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies.
The wave hit the Atlantic Ocean, and organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
For example, the associated press's stylebook is updated annually.
The four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew, gospel of mark, gospel of luke, and gospel of john, probably written between 65 and 100.
since the end of the 19th century eschelbronn is well-known for its furniture manufacturing industry.
The coat of arms of the old district ofoberbarnim is also similar to the upper half of the current coat of arms of the ward.
unlike the clouds on Earth, Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane.
Their participation is limited until they reach legal adulthood.
Development stable releases are very rare, but there are often subversion snapshots that are stable enough to use.
finally, in 1482, the order dispatched him to Florence, the “city of his destiny.”
in the Soviet years, the Bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov's leading landmarks- Saint Alexei Nevsky Cathedral in 1908 and Saint George Cathedral in Nakhichevan in 1783-1807.
He died on may 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
This was demonstrated in the miller-urey experiment by Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey in 1953.
cogeneration also combines heat and power, chp is the use of a heat engine or power station to simultaneously generate both electricity and useful heat.
on occasion, the male " den master " will also allow a second male into the den; the reason for this is unknown.
A wikipedia gadget is a javascript snippet that can be enabled by checking the option "wikipedia gadgets" in your preferences.
below are some links that can help you get involved.
he served as the Prime Minister of Egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948.
She was left behind when the rest of theNicoleños were moved to the mainland. It is unknown why she was left behind.
James I appointed James I's son, James II, a gentleman of the chapel royal. He served as an organist there from at least 1615 until his death.
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially indicated that he may not accept it.
Later, Esperanto speakers began to see the language and culture that had grown up around it as ends in themselves, even if Esperanto is never adopted by the United Nations or other international organizations.
dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on September 12.
calvin baker is an American novelist.
Eva Anna Braun, died Eva Anna Hitler on 6 February 1912 – 30 April 1945. She was the longtime companion and wife of Adolf Hitler.
Each license has a different version number.
most irc servers don't require users to register an account, but they will need a nickname before being connected.
That same year, he also received a mechanics certificate, becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment, which will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
usually depicted as being bald, with long whiskers, and said to be an incarnation of the polestar.
a few animals have chromatic response - changing color in changing environments - either seasonally, ermine, snowshoe hare, or far more rapidly with chromatophores in their integument.
val Venis defeated Rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the Intercontinental Championship at 14:10 with a pin after tazz hit Rikishi with a tv camera.
This closely resembles the Unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces.
he comes from a musical family; his mother, Larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale.
The largest populations of mennonites are in Canada, the Democratic Republic of Congo, the United States, but mennonites can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the populace of those countries.
naas is a " dublin suburb " town, with many people living there and working in dublin.
acanthopholis 's armour consisted of circular plates set almost horizontally into the skin, with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area, and along the spine.
origin isimo was chartered on Christmas Eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry, and Laurens Railroad.
conversely, bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the house of lords.
In the years before his final release in 1474, when he began preparations for the reconquest of Wallachia, Vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital of Budapest.
You may add a passage of up to five words as a front cover text, and a passage of up to 25 words as a back cover text to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version.
He is buried at the restvale cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is the flexible tissue found in the hollow interior of bones.
reflection stars are most often blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red . This is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets.
Monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse département in southern France, in the area provence-alpes-côte d'azur.
macgruber starts asking for simple objects to make something to defuse the bomb, but he is eventually distracted by something usually involving his personal life or his work that makes him run out of time.
This was largely complete when Messiah died and Yvonne Loriod undertook orchestration with advice from George Benjamin.
Shi ' a Muslims consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem, and Najaf.
The pad called for the resignation of the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat, who the pad accused of being proxies for Thaksin.
however, travel through extremely remote areas, on isolated tracks, requires advance planning and a four-wheel drive vehicle.
while at Kahn he was chief architect for the fisher building in 1928.
He excuses himself and leaves because he has to go to rehearsal. And he and Dr. Schön leave.
britpop emerged from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
This was absorbed into battalions being formed for the xi international brigade.
The sheppard line currently has fewer users than the other two subway lines, and shorter trains are run.
It has a capacity of 98,772 people, making it the largest stadium in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world.
in December, 1967, ten Boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of Israel.
Some articles might be quite lengthy but might lack content or be stubs. Other articles might be shorter but have poorer quality.
about 95 different species of animals are currently accepted.
eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous Australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill ".
terms such as " underwear " and " movie " for " moving picture " are often heard in English.
jurisdiction derives its substance from public international law, conflict of law, constitutional law, and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society.
He followed this up with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha, overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure.
The capital of the state is Aracaju, the capital of Brazil.
despite this, farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
gumbasia was created in a style vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles.
The lawyer, Brandon Waise Lee, became his idol and MK Sun grew up to become a lawyer.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near Cowra in the central west of New South Wales, Australia in Cabonne Shire.
Donald John Trump enlisted in the U.S. Army on June 18, 2002.
prospectors from California, Europe, and China were also exploring the Peel River and mountain slopes.
before the advent of the pocket calculator, it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering.
The Kindle 2 features 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, 20 percent faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud, and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches.
Yoghurt or yogurt is a dairy product that is produced by bacterial fermentation of milk.
seventy-five defencemen are in the Hall of Fame, more than any other current position. Only thirty goaltenders have been inducted.
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries, but all were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
The album was banned from many stores nationwide.
The legs are wide at the top and very narrow at the ankle.
In late 2004, Suleman cut ties with Howard Stern's radio show. He cited Stern's frequent discussions about his upcoming move to Sirius satellite radio.
The company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's " Wendy's confirms tim Hortons' IPO by March ", Ottawa Business Journal, December 1, 2005, and system-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002.
plot captain Caleb Holt, firefighter Kirk Cameron, and originally from Albany, Georgia, firmly follows the cardinal rule of all firemen, " never leave your partner behind."
He won the presidential election held on 2 March 2008 with 71.25% of the popular vote.
The plant is considered an extinct fossil.
in 1990, she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
OrchestrationStravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests throughout the nation were suppressed.
offenbach's numerous operas, such as orpheus in the underworld or la belle hélène, were extremely popular in both France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
roof tiles dating back to the Tang Dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of Chang 'an.
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux, February 13, 1921, November 11, 1968, was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
by most accounts, the instrument was very hard to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the earliest extant church in Assisi.
The observations indicate that the Iron-Nickel composition is relatively pure.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly business journal covering the railway, metro, light rail, and tram industries worldwide.
He was appointed a companion of honour in 1988.
loèche harbours the installation of onyx, the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a small cardboard folder with a coarse striking surface on the exterior. It is used to contain a quantity of matches.
She was one of the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking around children, and drug use in pregnant women.
defiantly, she vowed to never renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
oel manga series Graystripe's trilogy, between the time that he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight.
samovar &porter 1994, p. 84, Syrians did not congregate in urban enclaves ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis.
he was also famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
during childhood, she experienced two collapsed lungs, four-five pneumonia episodes, and a tonsillar cyst.
dr. david lindenmeyer, at the Australian National University, has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable, for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater's possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors.
The term Gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species, especially the first species described from Norway by Rathke in 1799, limnoria lignorum.
bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries are typically known as wounds inflicted by a club.
thereafter, the administration of the county was conducted at duns or lauder until Greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has yet accomplished a quadruple Axel in competition.
The telephone exchange was in the port jackson district commandant's area of responsibility. He could communicate with all military installations on the harbour.
however, even to those who enter the mosque without the intention of praying, there are still rules that apply.
It is described as pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit.
computer performance is measured by how much useful work is accomplished by a computer systemcompared to how long and resources are used.
Some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be found along the Volga River.
The crosier is a symbol of the monasteries of the region.
human skin colors can range from very dark brown to very pale pink.
bankers from shorebank, a community development bank in Chicago, helped Yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the Ford foundation.
bremer reported plans to trial Saddam, but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined.
The professional hockey writers' association votes to put the all-star team together at the end of the regular season.
tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan to the north, Iran to the west, Pakistan to the south, and the People's Republic of China to the east.
nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000, by Bomis, Inc. It is a website hosting company.
notable features of the design include key-dependent s-boxes and a highly complex key schedule.
Iain Grieve was born on February 19, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana, and is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
other nearby settlements include Pont-bellanger and Beaumesnil.
The quark model was independently proposed by physicists Murray Gell-mann and George Zweig in 1964.
The fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938.
West Berlin had its own postal administration, separate from West Germanys, which issued its own postage stamps until 1990.
the Primavera is a painting by the Italian Renaissance painter Sandro Botticelli, c. 1482.
new south wales' largest city and capital is Sydney .
The polymer is most often epoxy, but other polymers, such as polyester, vinyl ester, or nylon, can also be used.
The name survives as a brand for a related spin-off digital television channel, digital radio station, and website which have survived the demise of the print magazine.
at four and a half years old, he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years, living in various orphanages and roaming through towns with groups of other homeless children.
stood were eventually added behind each goal during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernized.
A town can be correctly described as a market town or have market rights even if it no longer holds a market.
A bastion was built on the eastern approaches.
events on July 29th, in the town of Stiklestad, in Norway, were a battle between Olav Haraldsson, a vassal of Norway, and his pagan vassals. He was killed in the battle.
Others have theorized that the nkvd eliminated tresca as retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union.
This led to Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries.
Use html and CSS markup sparingly and only when it's necessary.
Schuschnigg immediately responded that reports of riots were false.
Addiscombe is a suburb in the London borough of Croydon, England.
Depending on the context, another closely related meaning of constituent is a citizen residing in the area ruled, represented, or otherwise served by a politician; this can be restricted to citizens who elected the politician.
prunk is a member of the institute of European history in Mainz and a senior fellow at the center for European integration studies in Bonn.
Stallone also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
instead of building a trailer, the crew fashioned a cantilevered arm attachment to the " hovercraft " and shot the scene while riding up templin highway north of Santa Clarita.
The conference papers were published in a book in 1982 by P.E. Phelps and H.A. Hirsch.
wario land is a platforming series that started with wario land: super mario land 3.
Frédéric Chopin's opus 57 is a berceuse for solo piano.
These attacks may have been psychological inorigin rather than physical.
A historian has stated that " quinine 's efficacy gave colonists an opportunity to swarm into the gold coast and other parts of west Africa ".
Furthermore, spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, which suggests a harder surface composition.
She became the authoritative editor of her husband's works for Breitkopf und Härtel.
Mercury is similar to the moon in appearance- it is heavily cratered and has regions of smooth plains with no natural satellites and no substantial atmosphere.
geography is the town lies in the Limmat valley between Baden and Zurich.
These habitats provide excellent conditions for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull.
After the fall of the sena dynasty, Dhaka was successively ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors descending from the Delhi sultanate before the arrival of the Mughals in 1608.
The prime minister is in office for only as long as they retain the support of the lower house.
for rowling, this scene is important because it shows Harry's bravery and by retrieving Cedric's corpse, he demonstrates his selflessness and compassion.
On June 1, 1972, they were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in Frankfurt.
together, they formed new music manchester, a group that is committed to contemporary music.
The intense hurricane in the upper Florida Keys caused extensive damage. It reached a peak height of approximately 18 to 20 feet.
It is now the site of Mahatma Gandhi's samadhi as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
The collapsed dome of the main church has been completely restored.
in 2005, Meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition.
Salem is a city in Essex county, Massachusetts, United States.
forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been documented.
saint martin is an island located in the northeast Caribbean Sea, approximately 300 kilometers east of Puerto Rico.
therefore, these PDFs can not be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images.
in April 1862, Ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sirfred pottinger for participating in an armed robbery whilst in the company of frank Gardiner.
heavy rain fell across portions of Britain on October 5th, causing localized accumulation of floodwaters.
Version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb. The user's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired.
In approximate relation to the parties' strength in the federal assembly, the seats were distributed as follows: the free democratic party (fdp) had 2 members, the christian democratic people's party (cvp) had 2 members, the social democratic party (sp) had 2 members, and the swiss people's party (svp) had 1 member.
A fee is the price one pays as remuneration for services, especially the honorarium paid to a doctor, lawyer, consultant, or other member of a learned profession.
ohio state's library system includes 21 libraries located on its columbus campus.
In other developments, both Iceland and Greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway, but Scotland was able to repulse a Norwegian invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement.
the singles from the album included " by the way ," " the zephyr song ," " ca can't stop ," " dosed ," and " universally speaking ."
In April 2000, Minix became free/open source software under a permissive free software licence, but by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities, and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists.
The body color can vary depending on the breed of dog, but generally, they have a medium brown color. They may also have dark brown spots.
The britannica was primarily a Scottish enterprise, as symbolized by its thistle logo and the floral emblem of Scotland.
The warning was extended to include an area south of the original warning on September 22, before being canceled soon after landfall.
in August 2003, the san diego union tribune alleged that U.S. marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi republican guards during the initial stages of combat.
The latter helped historians imagine what the film may have been like.
That is because real estate, businesses, and other assets in the underground economies of the Third World can not be used as collateral to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion.
He bolted from Sydney Cove several times before being shot dead in 1796.
Ned and Dan advanced to the police camp and ordered them to surrender.
before the game got underway, the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance had not been up to league's usual promotional standard.
In a short video promoting the charity Equality Now, Joss Whedon confirmed that " fray is not over yet ."
A mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by Marvel Comics.
the sat reasoning test and the scholastic aptitude test are standardized tests for college admissions in the United States.
civil unrest in the north of Italy spawns the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder, penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants.
Some reports say that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations.
his sentence was transportation to Australia for seven years.
waugh writes that Charles had been " in search of love in those days " when he first met Sebastian, finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , a metaphor that informs the work on a number of levels.
her notorious friendship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was also an important factor in her life.
The term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are located on the side of an animal.
The term " protein " was coined by Berzelius, after Mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of large molecule.
After the Jerilderie Raid, the gang laid low for 16 months.
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern France.
color ranges from orange to pale yellow.
in 1963 an extension was added that curved north from union station, below university avenue and queen's park to near bloor street, where it turned west to terminate at st. george and bloor streets.
Before 1980, a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed along the western side of the Simpson desert.
It is located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to unalakleet.
people with cardiomyopathy are at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both.
as the largest sub-region in Mesoamerica, it encompassed a vast and varied landscape from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán.
Google made the comic available on its website and their blog along with an explanation for its early release.
anyone can register a pedigree with the college, where they are carefully internally audited and require official proofs before being changed.
The book, political economy, was published in 1985 but not widely adopted in classrooms.
He toured with the ipo in 1990 for their first-ever performance in the Soviet Union. He also toured with the group again in 1994. They performed in China and India.
Napoleonic Wars: Austrian general Mack surrenders his army to the Grand Army of Napoleon at Ulm, reaping Napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers.
It has been the economic centre of northern Nigeria for centuries and a centre for the production and export of groundnuts.
a majority of south Indians speak one of the five dravidian languages -- Tamil, Malayalam, Telugu, and Tulu.
meteora earned multiple awards and honors.
After a brief standoff, the WWWF cavalry turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho.
most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman.
in the 5th century, Slavs started moving into the area.
from 1900 to 1920 many new facilities were constructed on campus, including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a building for the natural sciences, a large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
winchester is a city in Scott County, Illinois, United States.
The name Arzashkun seems to be the Armenian form of an armenian name ending in -ka, which recalls the name Arsene, Arsissa, applied by the ancient Greeks to part of lake Van.
out of 16,421 people who were cast in the national casting, she was chosen among the 15 contestants to appear on the show.
Its episodes were aired on the ABC network from its premiere on September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
The latter device can be used in less stringent environments.
gimnasia hired Colombian trainer Francisco Maturana but had limited success.
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa, United States.
furthermore, she appeared in several music videos, including " it girl " by John Oates and " just lose it " by Eminem.
on June 24, 1979, the 750th anniversary of the village, Glinde received its town charter.
pauline returned to the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994, and later Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis in 2006, although the character is now described as " Mario's friend."
The vagina is incredibly elastic and stretches to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth.
It is unknown when his real date of birth actually happened, but it is believed to have been between 1935 and 1939.
This quantitative measure indicates how much of a drug or other substance inhibitor is needed to inhibit a given biological process or component by half.
although the name suggests they are located in the Bernese Oberland region of the canton of Bern, portions of the Bernese Alps are in the adjacent cantons of Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg, and Vaud.
There she had one daughter - later baptized as Mary Ann Fisher - to Anne Power.
during an interview, edward gorey mentioned that Bawden was one of his favorite artists, lamenting the fact that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist.
The string can vibrate in different modes, just like a guitar string can produce different notes. Every mode appears as a different particle: electron, photon, gluon, etc.
gable also won an academy award nomination when he played Fletcher Christian in 1935's mutiny on the bounty.
