One side of the armed conflicts is mainly the Sudanese military and the Janjaweed, a militia group of Afro-Arab Abbala tribes in northern Rizeigat, Sudan.
Jeddah is the gateway to Mecca, Islam's holiest city, which all Muslim must visit at least once.
The great dark spot is thought to be a hole in Neptune's methane cloud deck.
His next work, Saturday, follows an eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord and pulled it east with all his strength.
Six weeks later, he died on 13 January 888.
The cultures of the coastal people of Papua New Guinea are similar to theirs.
The recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal has received the Colin Mears Award of £5000 since 2000.
The dancers behind the drummers usually play the sogo, a small drum with little sound, and do more complicated dance moves.
The spacecraft consists of two main elements, the NASA Cassini Orbiter, named after Italian-French astronomer Giovanni Domenico Cassini, and the ESA Huygens Probe, named after Dutch astronomer, mathematician and physicist Christiaan Huygens.
Alessandro "Sandro" Mazzola was born on 8 November 1942 and is an Italian former football player.
The debris from the collision was believed to fill in the smaller craters.
Graham went to Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943, and he graduated with a BA in Anthropology.
The bzö is different than the freedom party, as it is for a referendum about the lisbon treaty but against an EU withdrawal.
By the end of the nineteenth century, many species had vanished due to European settlement.
Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987.
Pure dextromethorphan is a white powder.
Getting into Tsinghua is very difficult.
Today, nrc is organized as a private, independent foundation.
It is near the coast of the Baltic Sea, surrounding the city of Stralsund.
Sports Illustrated named him 1982 "sportsman of the year".
Fives is a British sport that is thought to have the same origin as many racquet sports.
For example, King Bhumibol was born on Monday, so Thailand is decorated with yellow on his birthday.
Both names stopped being used in 2007 when they were combined into the national museum of scotland.
Tagore copied many styles, such as craftwork from northern New Ireland, Haida carvings from Canada's British Columbia, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, John F. Kennedy proposed the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She performed for President Reagan in 1988's PBS series "Great Performances at the White House".
Perry Saturn and Terri won the WWF European Championship after Saturn pinned Eddie Guerrero with a diving elbow drop.
She and her husband stayed in the U.S. until 1927, then returned to France.
Despina was found in late July 1989 from Voyager 2 images.
The first Italian Grand Prix Motor Racing Championship was on 4 September 1921 at Brescia.
He wrote two collections of short stories called the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales.
Voyager 2 images show Ophelia as an elongated object with its major axis pointing towards Uranus.
The British chose to eliminate him and take the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in Western Australia don't follow official Western Australian time.
Mosaics and inlays made from small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to decorate walls, furniture and boxes.
The cities incorporated on the Palos Verdes Peninsula are Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Clank fears that drek will ruin the galaxy, so he asks Ratchet to help him locate the famous superhero Captain Qwark to stop drek.
It is not a real louse.
He promotes user-centered design in product development cycles and tries to make interaction design a well-known discipline.
It is possible that the editors and the administrator who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone far away and they have never even met.
Working group i evaluates the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The island chain is part of the Hebrides, separated from the mainland of Scotland and the Inner Hebrides by the rough waters of the Minch, the Little Minch, and the Sea of the Hebrides.
orton and his wife had a daughter, alanna marie orton, on july 12, 2008.
The minor planet center, a branch of the iau, oversees formal minor planet designations.
On September 30, wind shear increased and the storm began to weaken.
Each entry has a datum, which is a copy of the data in the backing store.
Therefore, men and women must follow these guidelines when attending a mosque, even if it is not enforced.
Brian Jacques wrote the fantasy novel Mariel of Redwall in 1991.
Ryan Prosser, born 10 July 1988, is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Just like previous assessment reports, it has four reports, three of which come from its working groups.
Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris. Pierre Joliot, named after Pierre Curie, is a biochemist.
This stamp stayed the standard letter stamp for the rest of Victoria's reign and a lot were printed.
The International Fight League was an American mixed martial arts promotion, called the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia, also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis, is a parasite that lives in the small intestine and causes giardiasis.
Cameron has also done some Christian-themed productions, such as the post-rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War, where he played Cameron "Buck" Williams.
This was the area east of the mouth of the Vistula River, sometimes called "Prussia Proper".
After graduating, he went back to Yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the biblical accounts in the Gospel of Matthew and Luke.
weelkes got into trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his drinking and wild behavior.
So far, 'celebrity' episodes have included Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady, and Lee Ryan.
Stephen P. Synnott discovered it in images from the Voyager 1 space probe, taken while orbiting Jupiter on March 5, 1979.
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
On 16 June 2009, the band's website announced the official release date of The Resistance.
He is also a part of the boyband 183 club.
The apostolic tradition, attributed to Hippolytus, says Hallel Psalms were sung with "alleluia" as the refrain in early Christian agape feasts.
In return, Rollo swore loyalty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and promised to defend the northern part of France against other Viking groups.
It comes from Voice of America Special English.
Disney was given a full-size Oscar statuette and seven mini ones by 10-year-old actress Shirley Temple.
It was the first asteroid to be found by a spacecraft.
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of graubünden, Switzerland.
It continues as the Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
This causes confusion when 220  1,048,576  bytes is referred to as 1 mb  megabyte  instead of 1 mib.
Numerous reports have discussed ethics in scholarship related to the incident.
They are castrated to make the animal calmer or gain weight faster.
Seventh sons have special "knacks" and are powerful, and seventh sons of seventh sons are even more rare and powerful.
Passmark Software's benchmarking showed the 2009 version had a 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 mb memory utilization.
Volterra is a town in Italy's Tuscany region.
Until recently, the sensations of itch and pain were thought to be related, but it was found that itch has many similarities with pain, but also some distinct differences.
The tongue is sticky due to glycoprotein-rich mucous, which lubricates the snout and catches ants and termites.
The same tram derailed at Starr Gate Loop during earlier trials on 30 May 2006.
Statues of former Ipswich Town and England managers Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson are outside the ground.
Find the square root of the variance.
Volunteers gave food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance to those at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in the Sarthe department of the Pays-de-la-Loire region in northwestern France.
If there are no strong land use controls, the bypass can become congested like the local streets it was meant to avoid because buildings are constructed on it.
People can use it as a starting point to explore Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises usually hurt, but are usually not dangerous.
No one connected to Wikipedia can be held responsible for the information in or linked from these pages.
george frideric handel also worked for george, elector of hanover, who later became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small and their vision is poor.
Chitin is the only biological material that rivals their toughness.
Oregano is essential in Greek cooking.
Tickets can be bought for national rail services, the docklands light railway, and with an oyster card.
He published and produced his own works, while his bigger woodcuts were usually commissioned.
Historians use the historical method to research and write history using primary sources and other evidence.
The weight of the icecap on top of Lake Vostok is believed to cause the high oxygen concentration.
In 2000, the population was 89,148.
Aliteracy, sometimes spelled alliteracy, is the state of being able to read but not wanting to.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as a drug.
Afterward, it will detach and go back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
Research shows children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, and care about.
Today, Landis' father is a strong supporter of his son and proudly considers himself one of Floyd's biggest fans.
After becoming a category 4 storm, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
The equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage.
Believing the grounds were haunted, they wrote a book about their adventure in 1911 under the pseudonyms Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He moved to London and mainly focused on teaching.
brunstad has fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, a coffee bar, and its own grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops to guard the recently conquered area.
In 1438, Trevi became part of the Legation of Perugia and the Church's temporal rule. Then in 1860, it merged with the United Kingdom of Italy.
The depression moved inland on the 20th without convection, and it caused heavy rains and flooding in Brazil the next day before dissipating.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency from 1952 to 1995.
The band's current members are Flynn on vocals and guitar, Duce on bass, Phil Demmel on guitar, and Dave McClain on drums.
Countries with a minority Muslim population are more likely than Muslim-majority countries of the Middle East to use mosques for civic participation.
The characters are profane versions of their earlier characters Pete and Dud.
johan was the original bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall, but left before they released a studio album.
In 1998, Culver won the election for Iowa Secretary of State.
In 1990, Mark Messier won the Hart Trophy over Ray Bourque by two votes, with one first-place vote being the deciding factor.
Shade's impulsive disobedience of the law sets the main plot in motion and leads to the destruction of his colony's home, forcing their early migration, and him being separated from them.
The female equivalent is a daughter.
In April 1999, he was diagnosed with incurable abdominal cancer.
Before the storm came, the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks.
The chess played is speed chess, with each competitor having only twelve minutes for the entire game.
The Amazon Basin is the area in South America drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre.
Moderate to severe damage happened on the Atlantic coastline and went as far inland as West Virginia.
These computers are compared to zombies because their owners are usually unaware.
The wave moved across the Atlantic and became a tropical depression off Haiti's northern coast on September 13.
The Associated Press stylebook is updated every year as an example.
The four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew, mark, luke, and john, likely written between AD 65 and 100. See also the gospel according to the hebrews.
Eschelbronn is well known for its furniture manufacturing industry since the end of the 19th century.
The upper half looks like the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim.
Unlike Earth's clouds, Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of frozen methane crystals.
They cannot fully participate until they become adults.
There are rarely development stable releases, but there are usually subversion snapshots which are stable.
In 1482, the order sent him to Florence, the ‘city of his destiny’.
During the Soviet era, two of Rostov's main landmarks were demolished: St. Alexander Nevsky Cathedral (1908) and St. George Cathedral in Nakhichevan (1783-1807).
He died on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey showed this in the Miller-Urey Experiment in 1953.
Cogeneration, also known as combined heat and power (CHP), is the use of a heat engine or power station to generate both electricity and useful heat.
The male den master will sometimes let another male into the den, although the reason is unknown.
A wikipedia gadget is a javascript and/or css snippet that can be enabled in your wikipedia preferences.
Here are some helpful links to help you get involved.
He was the prime minister of Egypt from 1945 to 1948.
She was left behind when the rest of the nicoleños moved to the mainland, with varied explanations.
James I made him a gentleman of the Chapel Royal, and he was an organist there from 1615 until he died.
chauvin was ashamed to get his award and first said he may not accept it.
Later, Esperanto speakers viewed the language and the culture around it as goals in themselves, even if Esperanto wasn't accepted by international organizations.
The dry air around the cyclone's southern edge eroded the deep convection by early September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Anna Paula Braun, known as Eva Anna Paula Hitler, died on 30 April 1945. She was the companion and brief wife of Adolf Hitler.
Each license has a unique version number.
Most irc servers don't need users to register an account, but they must set a nickname before connecting.
In that same year, he became the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
Summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by WWE. It will be at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California on August 23, 2009.
He is usually portrayed as bald with long whiskers, and is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
Some animals have chromatic response, which means they change color based on their environment. Examples include ermine, snowshoe hare, and cephalopod family.
Val Venis defeated Rikishi in a steel cage match to keep the WWF Intercontinental Championship. Venis pinned Rikishi after Tazz hit him with a TV camera.
This is like the unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one task and working together through universal interfaces.
His mother, Larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale.
The biggest populations of Mennonites are in Canada, the Democratic Republic of Congo, and the United States. Mennonites can also be found in small groups in 51 countries on six continents or dispersed within those countries.
Naas is a big suburb town near Dublin with many people living there and working in Dublin.
acanthopholis's armour had oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin, with spikes around the neck and shoulder area and down the spine.
Origin Irmo was chartered on Christmas Eve 1890 due to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens railroad.
Conversely, bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills begin in the House of Lords.
Before his last release in 1474, Vlad lived in a house in the Hungarian capital with his wife while planning to take back Wallachia.
You can add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text to the modified version.
He is buried in the Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is the flexible tissue inside bones.
Reflection nebulae are usually blue because blue light is scattered more efficiently than red light. This is the same process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets.
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse département of southern france, in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur area.
macgruber begins by asking for basic items to defuse the bomb, but he is eventually distracted by something from his personal life, causing him to run out of time.
Yvonne Loriod finished the orchestration of the last movement with assistance from George Benjamin when Messiaen passed away.
Shi'a Muslims view Karbala as one of their holiest cities after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem, and Najaf.
The pad demanded that the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat resign, as they were seen as proxies for Thaksin.
Traveling through remote areas on isolated tracks requires advance planning and a reliable four-wheel-drive vehicle.
He was the chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928 while he was at Kahn.
He excuses himself because he needs to go to rehearsal and then leaves with Dr. Schön.
britpop began in the British independent music scene of the early 1990s and was defined by bands influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
These forces were added to battalions for the xi international brigade.
The sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines and shorter trains are used.
It holds 98,772 people, making it the largest stadium in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world.
In December 1967, the State of Israel honored Ten Boom as one of the Righteous Among the Nations.
Some articles are long and detailed while others are short and of lower quality.
Around 95 species are accepted.
eugowra is named after the indigenous australian phrase "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
Terms like "undies" for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture" are common in English.
Jurisdiction is based on public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the power of government branches to allocate resources to serve the needs of its native society.
He wrote several other pieces about Hiawatha, such as The Death of Minnehaha, Overture to the Song of Hiawatha, and Hiawatha's Departure.
The capital city of the state is Aracaju, with a population of .
Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade, despite this.
Vorkapich taught a style called kinesthetic film principles, which was used to make gumbasia.
MK Sun was inspired by lawyer Brandon Waise Lee and became a lawyer.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a historic township near Cowra in the Central West of New South Wales, Australia.
On 18 June 2002, Donaldson joined the Australian Army as a soldier.
Prospectors from California, Europe and China mined along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
Before the pocket calculator, it was the most popular tool for calculations in science and engineering.
The Kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, 20% faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option, and is 0.36 inches thick.
Yoghurt is a dairy product made by bacterial fermentation of milk.
Seventy-five defensemen have been inducted into the Hall of Fame, which is more than any other position. But, only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
Throughout the centuries, alternative views have been proposed, but all were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
The album was banned from many record stores nationwide.
the legs are wide at the top and thin at the ankle.
In late 2004, Suleman removed Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel radio stations due to Stern's talk about his switch to Sirius Satellite Radio.
In 2005, the company opened twice as many Canadian outlets than McDonald's and by 2002, their system-wide sales surpassed McDonald's Canadian operations.
Captain Caleb Holt (Kirk Cameron) is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia and follows the firemen rule of "never leave your partner behind".
He won the presidential election on 2 March 2008 with 71.25% of the popular vote.
The plant is known as a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female performer allowed in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky thought of writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests in the country were suppressed.
Offenbach's operettas, such as Orpheus in the Underworld and La Belle Hélène, were popular in France and the English-speaking world in the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles with this symbol from the Tang Dynasty were found near ancient Chang ' an, which is now Xian.
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was a French organist, pianist, composer and pedagogue from February 13, 1921 to November 11, 1968.
The instrument was difficult to control, according to most accounts.
Santa Maria Maggiore, also known as St. Mary the Greater, is the oldest existing church in Assisi.
Radar observations reveal a mostly iron-nickel composition.
Railway gazette international is a monthly journal about the railway, metro, light rail, and tram industries all over the world.
In 1988, he was given the title of Companion of Honour.
loèche holds the machines of onyx, the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a small cardboard folder with matches inside and a coarse striking surface outside.
She objected to cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
She defiantly vowed not to renounce the commune and dared the judges to give her a death sentence.
There is a 3-volume English-language manga series about Graystripe between the time he was taken by twolegs in Dawn and when he returned to ThunderClan in The Sight.
Syrians did not live in urban enclaves. Many immigrants who worked as peddlers could interact with Americans daily.
He was famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and metal furniture for gardens.
She had collapsed lungs twice in her childhood, pneumonia 4-5 times a year, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer of the Australian National University has argued that the need for nest boxes implies that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable for conserving hollow-dependent species like Leadbeater's possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team located in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Small value inductors can also be made on integrated circuits with the same processes used to make transistors.
Gribble was first used for wood-boring species, such as the one from Norway described by Rathke in 1799, Limnoria lignorum.
The injuries caused by a club are called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
Afterwards, the county's administration was done at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has done a quadruple axel in competition yet.
The port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour from the telephone exchange.
Even those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying must follow the rules.
It is described as having a pointed face and the size of a rabbit.
Computer performance is measured by how much useful work is done compared to the resources used.
The Volga has some of the largest reservoirs in the world.
The crosier symbolizes the monasteries in the region.
Human skin can be very dark brown to very pale pink.
Bankers from ShoreBank, a community development bank in Chicago, assisted Yunus in the official incorporation of the bank with a grant from the Ford Foundation.
bremer reported plans to put saddam on trial, but did not mention any details.
At the end of the regular season, the professional hockey writers' association votes for the all-star team.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan to the north, Iran to the west, Pakistan to the south, and the People's Republic of China to the east.
Nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000 by Bomis, Inc., a web portal company.
The design has key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule.
iain grieve was born on 19 February 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana. He is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Other nearby settlements are pont-bellanger and beaumesnil.
In 1964, physicists Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig proposed the quark model independently.
The fourth ring was added in 1938-39 when the column was moved to its current location, and it is decorated with golden garlands.
West Berlin had its own postal system, different from West Germany's, and issued its own stamps until 1990.
Sandro Botticelli painted the Primavera in 1482.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of New South Wales.
The polymer used is usually epoxy, but other polymers such as polyester, vinyl ester, or nylon can also be used.
The name lives on as a brand for a related spin-off digital television channel, radio station, and website after the printed magazine was shut down.
At four-and-a-half years old, he lived on the streets of Northern Italy alone for the next four years. He stayed in various orphanages and traveled with other homeless children.
Stands were added behind each set of goals in the 1980s and 1990s to modernise the ground.
Even if a town no longer holds a market, it can still be described as a market town if it has the right to do so.
A bastion was built on the eastern approaches later.
On July 29th, Olav Haraldsson lost and was killed in the Battle of Stiklestad in Norway.
Others believe that tresca was eliminated by the NKVD in revenge for criticizing the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union.
This caused both Montenegro and Serbia to become independent countries.
Use html and css markup only when necessary.
schuschnigg publicly stated that reports of riots were false.
Addiscombe is a suburb in the London Borough of Croydon, England.
Depending on the context, another meaning of constituent is a citizen who lives in the area served by a politician, sometimes only those who elected the politician.
prunk is a part of the institute of european history in mainz and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn.
Stallone had a cameo in the 2003 French film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
The crew created a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the "hovercraft" and shot the scene while driving along Templin Highway near Santa Clarita.
The conference papers were published the following year in a book called Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory by Phelps et al.
The Wario Land series is a platforming series that started with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3, a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series.
frédéric chopin's Opus 57 is a berceuse for solo piano.
These attacks may have been mental instead of physical.
A historian said that quinine allowed people to migrate to the Gold Coast, Nigeria, and other parts of West Africa.
Spectroscopic studies have found evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, suggesting a stony surface composition.
She became the authoritative editor for breitkopf und härtel for her husband's works.
mercury looks like the moon: it is full of craters, has no natural satellites and no atmosphere.
The town is located in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zurich.
These areas are great habitats for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull.
After the Sena Dynasty, Dhaka was ruled by Turkish and Afghan governors from the Delhi Sultanate before the Mughals arrived in 1608.
The prime minister remains in office as long as they have the support of the lower house.
This scene is important to Rowling as it displays Harry's bravery, and he shows selflessness and compassion by getting Cedric's body.
On June 1, 1972, he and two other RAF members, Jan-Carl Raspe and Holger Meins, were arrested after a long shootout in Frankfurt.
Together they created new music manchester, a group that supports contemporary music.
The compact and intense hurricane caused severe damage in the upper Florida Keys, with a storm surge of 18 to 20 feet.
Meher Baba's Samadhi tomb-shrine and facilities for pilgrims are now at the site.
The main church's collapsed dome has been fully restored.
In 2005, Meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in a national competition.
Salem is a city in Massachusetts, United States.
Forty-nine types of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been recorded.
Saint Martin is a tropical island in the northeast Caribbean, roughly 300 km (186 miles) away from Puerto Rico.
These pdfs can not be distributed without further manipulation if they have images.
In April 1862, Ben was arrested due to police inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger's orders for participating in an armed robbery with Frank Gardiner.
On October 5, heavy rain fell over parts of Britain, leading to flooding.
Version 2009.1 has a usb installer to create a live usb. It enables users to save their personal data and configurations.
The seats were allocated based on the parties' strength in the federal assembly. FDP (2), CVP (2), SP (2), and SVP (1).
A fee is the price one pays for services, like the honorarium a doctor, lawyer, consultant, or other professional gets.
Ohio State's library system has twenty-one libraries located on its Columbus campus.
Iceland and Greenland accepted Norway's overlordship, but Scotland was able to stop a Norse invasion and make a good peace agreement.
The singles from the album were "By the Way," "The Zephyr Song," "Can't Stop," "Dosed," and "Universally Speaking."
In April 2000, Minix became free and open source software, but other systems had become better, so it mainly stayed for students and hobbyists.
The body color of the animal can be medium brown, gold-ish, or beige-white, and sometimes has dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
The Britannica was a Scottish enterprise, symbolised by its thistle logo, the Scottish flower.
On September 22, the warning was extended southward when Jose intensified. Then it was canceled soon after landfall on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune reported that U.S. Marine pilots and commanders confirmed they used Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the beginning of the combat.
The latter gave audiences information similar to intertitles, helping historians imagine what the film was like.
Real estate, businesses, and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can't be used as collateral to get capital for industrial and commercial growth.
He escaped Sydney Cove a few times before being shot dead in 1796.
Ned and Dan went to the police camp and told them to surrender.
The press thought the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance before the second game was not as good as Veeck's normal promotional standards.
Joss Whedon confirmed in a video for the charity Equality Now that "Fray is not done, Fray is coming back."
A mutant is a type of character that appears in Marvel Comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test, formerly the Scholastic Aptitude Test and Scholastic Assessment Test, is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
Civil unrest in northern Italy created the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder, which are penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants.
Reports say that certain factors can increase the chances of paralysis and hallucinations.
His sentence was to be sent to Australia for seven years.
Charles was looking for love when he first met Sebastian and found "that low door in the wall" which opened to an "enchanted garden", a metaphor in Waugh's work.
Her relationship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was notable in her life.
The term dorsal means anatomical structures that are on the back side of an animal.
Berzelius coined the term "protein" after Mulder noticed that all proteins had the same formula and might be made of a big molecule.
After the Jerilderie raid, the gang avoided being caught for 16 months.
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the Calvados department, Basse-Normandie region of France.
The color is from orange to pale yellow.
In 1963, an extension was added to Union Station, curving north and ending at St. George and Bloor Streets.
Before 1980, part of the Commonwealth Railways Central Australian Line ran along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
It is on an old portage trail which leads to the mountains and Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia, sudden cardiac death, or both.
Mesoamerica's largest sub-region, the landscape varied from the mountainous Sierra Madre to the semi-arid plains of northern Yucatán.
Google made the comic available on Google Books and their site, and mentioned it on their official blog with an explanation for the early release.
Anyone can register a pedigree with the college, as long as they provide official proofs before alteration.
The book Political Economy was published in 1985, but not widely used in classrooms.
In 1990, he toured with the IPO in the Soviet Union, and in 1994, he toured with the IPO in China and India.
Austrian General Mack surrendered his army to Napoleon's Grand Army at Ulm during the Napoleonic Wars, resulting in Napoleon gaining over 30,000 prisoners and 10,000 casualties on the Austrian side.
Northern Nigeria's economy has long been centered on it, and groundnuts are exported from there.
Most South Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages: Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu, or Tulu.
meteora won the band multiple awards and honors.
After a brief pause, the WWF cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho.
Most of the songs were written by the Sherman brothers.
In the 5th century, slavs moved into the area.
Between 1900 and 1920, many new facilities were built on campus, including buildings for dental and pharmacy programs, chemistry, natural sciences, Hill Auditorium, hospitals, libraries, and two residence halls.
Winchester is a city in Scott County, Illinois, United States.
The name arzashkun is an Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka, formed from the proper name arzash. This is similar to the name arsene, arsissa, which was used by the ancients for part of Lake Van.
Out of 16,421 people in the national casting, she was one of 15 chosen to be on the tv show.
Its episodes aired on the ABC network from September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
The device can be made and used in less intense environments.
gimnasia hired famed colombian trainer francisco maturana and julio césar falcioni, but without much success.
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa, USA.
She was in several music videos, such as "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
On June 24 1979, Glinde got its town charter on the 750th anniversary of the village.
Pauline returned in the 1994 Game Boy remake of Donkey Kong and Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis in 2006. She is now described as "Mario's friend."
The vagina can stretch many times its usual diameter during childbirth.
His real date of birth was never recorded, though it is estimated to be between 1935 and 1939.
This quantitative measure indicates how much inhibitor is needed to inhibit a given biological process or component of a process by half.
The Bernese Alps are located in the Bernese Oberland region of the Canton of Bern, as well as in parts of the Cantons of Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg, and Vaud.
He had one daughter in there, Mary Ann Fisher Power, to Anne Power.
During an interview, Edward Gorey mentioned that Bawden was one of his favorite artists and was sad that not many people remembered or knew about this artist.
The string can vibrate in different modes like a guitar string, and each mode appears as a different particle: electron, photon, gluon, etc.
Gable was nominated for an Academy Award for his role as Fletcher Christian in the 1935 movie, Mutiny on the Bounty.
