The Sudanese military and the Janjaweed, a militia group of the Abbala tribes, make up one side of the armed conflicts.
Jeddah is the gateway to Mecca.
The great dark spot is a hole in Neptune's methane cloud deck.
Saturday is a book about an eventful day in the life of a neurosurgeon.
The tarantula pulled the ball with a black cord to the east.
He died six weeks later.
The culture of the coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea is similar.
The recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal has been presented with the Colin Mears Award since 2000.
Dancers follow the drummers, usually playing the sogo and having complex choreography.
The spacecraft has two main components.
Sandro Mazzola is an Italian former football player.
People assumed the collision created debris to fill the smaller craters.
Graham graduated from Wheaton College with a BA in Anthropology in 1943.
The bzö differs from the freedom party in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty, but against an EU-withdrawal.
European settlement caused the disappearance of many species by the end of the nineteenth century.
Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987.
Dextromethorphan is a white powder in its pure form.
Getting into Tsinghua is hard.
NRC is a private foundation.
Stralsund is located at the coast of the Baltic Sea.
Sports Illustrated named him "Sportsman of the Year" in 1982.
Fives is a British sport with a racquet sports background.
King Bhumibol's birthday is celebrated with yellow decorations in Thailand.
The names merged into the national museum of scotland in 2007.
Tagore drew inspiration from various art forms.
On October 14, 1960, John F. Kennedy suggested the Peace Corps.
She performed for President Reagan in 1988.
Perry Saturn and Terri won the WWF European Championship.
She and her husband returned to France in 1927.
Despina was found in 1989 by Voyager 2.
The first Italian Grand Prix was held at Brescia on 4 September 1921.
He wrote two collections of short stories.
Ophelia looks elongated when Voyager 2 takes its image, its major axis pointing towards Uranus.
The British wanted the land, so they decided to remove him by force.
Towns between the South Australian border and Caiguna do not follow Western Australian time.
Small pieces of shell have been used to decorate walls, furniture and boxes.
Other cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula are Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Clank asks Ratchet to find Captain Qwark to stop Drek.
It is not a real louse.
He promotes user-centered design and works to make interaction design more widespread.
It's possible that a conspiracy exists against someone they've never met.
Working Group I evaluates the climate system and climate change.
The island chain belongs to the Hebrides and is separated from the Scottish mainland and the Hebrides by the waters of the Minch, the Little Minch and the Sea of the Hebrides.
Orton and his wife had a baby on July 12, 2008.
The minor planet center assigns formal number-name combinations.
Wind shear increased and the storm started to weaken.
Each entry has a datum from a backing store.
Men and women must follow guidelines when attending a mosque.
Brian Jacques wrote the fantasy novel Mariel of Redwall in 1991.
Ryan Prosser, born on 10 July, 1988, is a professional rugby union player.
This report consists of four reports from its working groups.
Their grandchildren are successful in science.
This stamp was used a lot during Victoria's reign.
The International Fight League was an MMA promotion.
Giardia lamblia causes giardiasis in the small intestine.
Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions.
This area was east of the Vistula River and was called "Prussia Proper".
He went back to Yerevan after graduation and taught at the conservatory before becoming the artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas comes from the Gospels of Matthew and Luke.
weelkes had troubles with the Chichester Cathedral due to drinking and bad behavior.
Celebrities have been featured on the show.
Stephen P. Synnott discovered it in images from the Voyager 1 space probe.
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show.
The resistance was announced on the band's website on 16 June 2009.
He is in a boyband called 183 club.
Hallel psalms were sung with alleluia as the refrain in early Christian feasts.
In return, Rollo promised to protect the northern region of France from other Viking groups.
It is from Voice of America Special English.
Shirley Temple gave Disney a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones.
A spacecraft found the first asteroid.
Hinterrhein is in Switzerland.
Bohemian Switzerland continues in the Czech Republic.
This can cause consumer confusion when 1 mb is used instead of 1 mib.
Numerous reports have been made about ethics in scholarship due to the incident.
The animal is castrated to make it more docile or to promote weight gain.
Seventh sons have strong magical abilities, and those of seventh sons of seventh sons are very powerful.
Passmark Software showed that the 2009 version has a quick install time, scan time, and memory utilization.
Volterra is in Italy's Tuscany region.
Itch and pain have recently been found to be independent of each other.
The tongue is sticky due to the mucous which helps catch ants and termites.
The tram derailed at Starr Gate Loop during trials before.
Statues of two former Ipswich Town and England managers, Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, stand outside the ground.
Find the square root of the variance.
Volunteers gave out items for those at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-huisne is in France.
Without land use controls, the bypass can become congested.
People can use it as a base to explore cooktown, cape york peninsula and the atherton tableland.
Bruises can be painful, but are usually not serious.
No one associated with Wikipedia can be held responsible for the information found on the web pages.
George Frideric Handel worked for George I of Great Britain.
Their eyesight is not very good.
Only chitin is tougher than them as biological materials.
Oregano is important in greek cooking.
Tickets can be bought for train services, the Docklands Light Railway, and Oyster Card.
He published and produced his own works, and was usually commissioned for larger woodcuts.
Historians use the historical method to research and write history.
The continental icecap is believed to add to the high oxygen concentration.
The population was 89,148 in 2000.
aliteracy is the ability to read without interest.
mifepristone is a pharmaceutical.
The creature will then sink back to the river bed to digest its food.
Children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone close to them.
Landis' father is a big fan of his son.
The hurricane's outer convection became ragged shortly after reaching category 4.
The balance for the labor is the wage.
Believing the grounds were haunted, they published their findings in a book in 1911.
He moved to London and focused on teaching.
Brunstad has many eateries and a grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops in the conquered region.
In 1438, Trevi became part of the church's control.
The depression moved inland and caused heavy rains and flooding in Brazil.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in New York City.
The band consists of Flynn, Duce, Phil Demmel and Dave McClain.
Mosques are often used to promote civic participation in countries with a minority muslim population.
Pete and Dud have foul-mouthed characters.
Johan was a part of Hammerfall, but left before they released an album.
Culver won the election for Iowa Secretary of State in 1998.
Mark Messier won the Hart Trophy by two votes in 1990.
Shade's actions lead to the destruction of his colony's home.
The female equivalent is a daughter.
He was diagnosed with cancer in April 1999.
The national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds before the storm.
The chess played is speed chess with twelve minutes for the game.
The Amazon River and its tributaries drain a part of South America.
The two former presidents were accused of mutiny and treason.
Damage extended along the Atlantic coastline and into West Virginia.
These computers are like zombies because the owner doesn't know about them.
The wave moved across the Atlantic and formed a tropical depression off Haiti on September 13.
The Associated Press updates its stylebook yearly.
Four texts are known as the gospels.
Eschelbronn is known for its furniture manufacturing industry.
The upper half looks like the coat of arms from the old district oberbarnim.
Neptune's cirrus clouds are made of frozen methane, not ice.
They cannot participate until they are legally adults.
Subversion snapshots are usually stable enough to use.
The order sent him to Florence in 1482.
The Bolsheviks destroyed two of Rostov's landmarks.
He died in Madrid, Spain in 1518.
Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey demonstrated this in 1953.
Cogeneration creates both electricity and useful heat.
The male den master sometimes permits a second male in the den, but the reason is unknown.
A wikipedia gadget is a feature that can be activated in the preferences.
Here are some helpful links to help you get involved.
He was Egypt's prime minister twice.
She was left behind when the nicoleños moved to the mainland.
James I appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal.
chauvin was hesitant to accept his award.
Esperanto speakers see the language and culture as valuable even if it is not adopted by international organizations.
The dry air weakened the convection by early September 12.
Calvin Baker is a novelist.
Eva Anna Paula Braun was Adolf Hitler's companion and wife.
Each version of the license has a unique number.
A nickname must be set before using an irc server.
He became a certified airplane mechanic at a young age in New York.
Summerslam 2009 is an upcoming wrestling event.
He is usually portrayed as bald, with long whiskers.
Some animals change color with their environment.
Val Venis won the WWF Intercontinental Championship by pinning Rikishi with the help of Tazz.
This follows the unix philosophy of having programs work together effectively.
His family was musical.
Mennonites have communities in 51 countries around the world.
Many people live in Naas and work in Dublin.
Acanthopholis had oval plates in its skin with spikes protruding from its neck and spine.
Origin Irmo was chartered in 1890.
Bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the House of Lords.
Vlad resided in a house in the Hungarian capital before his release.
You may add passages of up to five and 25 words to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version.
He is buried in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is located inside of bones.
Reflection nebulae are blue due to scattering of blue light.
Monteux is a commune in France.
Macgruber is distracted by his personal life and runs out of time.
Yvonne Loriod completed the orchestration of the final movement with assistance from George Benjamin.
Karbala is one of the holiest cities for Shi'a Muslims.
The pad requested the resignations of the thaksin-related governments.
Planning and a reliable four wheel drive is necessary for remote areas.
Kahn was the chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He has to leave for rehearsal.
Britpop originated from the British music scene in the 1990s.
The battalions formed for xi international brigade absorbed this.
The sheppard line has fewer users and shorter trains.
It is the largest stadium in Europe, with a capacity of 98,772.
In December 1967, the state of Israel honored ten Boom as one of the righteous among the nations.
Articles vary in length and quality.
There are roughly 95 accepted species.
Eugowra is named after an Indigenous Australian word for "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
Terms like "undies" and "movie" are commonly used in English.
Jurisdiction is based on various forms of law and government powers.
He wrote several pieces about Hiawatha.
The capital of the state is Aracaju.
Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for almost ten years.
gumbasia was made with kinesthetic film principles.
MK Sun wanted to be a lawyer like Brandon Waise Lee.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a township in Australia.
Donaldson joined the Australian Army in 2002.
Prospectors were searching along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
The pocket calculator was once the primary calculation tool in science and engineering.
The Kindle 2 has many new features.
Yoghurt is made from fermented milk.
More defensemen have been inducted into the Hall of Fame than any other position.
Various ideas about the topic have been suggested over time, but none have been accepted by main Christian groups.
The album was not allowed in many record stores.
The legs are wide at the top and thin at the ankle.
In 2004, Suleman cut Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations.
The company opened more outlets than Mcdonald's in Canada.
Captain Caleb Holt is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia who follows the motto "never leave your partner behind".
He won the presidential election with 71.25% of the popular vote.
The plant is an ancient one.
She was the only female entertainer in Saudi Arabia in 1990.
Stravinsky wrote a ballet in 1913.
Protests were stopped.
Offenbach's operettas were popular during the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles with a symbol from the Tang Dynasty have been found near Xian.
Jeanne Demessieux was a French musician and teacher.
The instrument was extremely difficult to manage.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the earliest church in Assisi.
Radar observations show the composition is mostly iron-nickel.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly business journal.
He was given the honour in 1988.
Onyx, the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering, is in Loèche.
A matchbook is a folder that holds matches and has a striking surface.
She was one of the first to object to cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
She refused to leave the commune and challenged the judges to sentence her to death.
Graystripe has a three-volume English manga series.
Syrians did not group together; many interacted with Americans daily.
He was renowned for his artwork.
She experienced several medical issues during childhood.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer believes that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable due to the need for nest boxes.
The Montreal Canadiens are a hockey team in Canada.
Inductors can be made on integrated circuits.
The term gribble was first used to describe the wood-boring species from Norway in 1799.
Injuries caused by a club are called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
The county's administration was mainly done at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has completed a quadruple axel in competition.
The port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations through the telephone exchange.
Rules still apply to those entering a mosque.
It is said to be shaped like a point and the size of a rabbit.
Computer performance is measured by how much work is done compared to the resources used.
The Volga has some of the world's largest reservoirs.
The crosier represents the monasteries in the area.
Human skin colors vary greatly.
Bankers from Shorebank helped Yunus incorporate the bank with a grant from the Ford Foundation.
Bremer announced Saddam's trial, but the details were not finalized.
Professional hockey writers vote for the all-star team at the end of the season.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan.
Nupedia was founded in 2000 by Bomis Inc.
The design has key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule.
Iain Grieve was born in Botswana in 1987 and plays rugby for Bristol Rugby.
Other settlements can be found nearby.
Physicists Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig proposed the quark model in 1964.
The fourth ring was added in 1938-39 and is decorated with golden garlands.
West Berlin had its own postal system until 1990.
Sandro Botticelli painted the Primavera in 1482.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of New South Wales.
Epoxy is the most common polymer used.
The name lives on as a brand for related digital entities.
At four-and-a-half years old, he was homeless for four years.
Stands were added to the ground in the 1980s and 1990s.
A town can be called a market town or have market rights even if a market is not held.
A bastion was built on the eastern side.
Olav Haraldsson was killed in the Battle of Stiklestad on July 29th.
Tresca was punished for criticizing the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union.
Montenegro and Serbia became independent countries.
Use html and css markup carefully.
Schuschnigg denied reports of riots.
addiscombe is located in England.
Constituents are citizens who are governed by a politician.
Prunk is part of two European studies institutes.
Stallone appeared in the 2003 French film Taxi 3.
The crew created a trailer with an attached arm to shoot the scene while driving on Templin Highway.
The papers were published in a book the following year.
Wario Land is a platforming series.
Chopin's Opus 57 is a piano solo.
These attacks may have been from the mind rather than the body.
Quinine allowed colonists to move into West Africa.
Hydrated minerals and silicates have been found, suggesting a stony composition.
She edited her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel.
Mercury looks like the moon and has no moons, atmosphere, or smooth plains.
The town is located in the Limmat Valley.
These areas are perfect for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull.
After the Sena Dynasty, the Mughals arrived in 1608.
The prime minister's position is determined by the lower house.
Harry displays bravery and compassion by retrieving Cedric's corpse.
On June 1, 1972, he and two others were caught in Frankfurt after a long battle.
They joined forces to make new music manchester, focused on modern music.
The hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys.
Meher Baba's Samadhi Tomb-Shrine is now located there and it provides facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
The church's dome has been restored.
In 2005, Meissner completed the triple axel jump in national competition.
Salem is a city in Massachusetts.
There are forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse.
Saint Martin is a tropical island in the Caribbean.
These pdfs cannot be shared if they have images.
Ben was arrested in April 1862 for armed robbery.
It rained heavily in Britain on October 5, leading to flooding.
version 2009.1 offers a usb installer for a live usb.
Seats were distributed based on the parties' strength in the federal assembly.
A fee is the cost for services.
ohio state has twenty-one libraries on its columbus campus.
Iceland and Greenland accepted Norway's overlordship while Scotland repelled a Norse invasion and secured a favorable peace agreement.
The album had five singles.
Minix became free and open source in April 2000.
The body color of the animal can be medium brown, gold-ish or beige-white, with dark brown spots on the limbs.
The Britannica is a Scottish business, symbolizing its connection with Scotland through its thistle logo.
The warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards before being cancelled after landfall.
In 2003, it was alleged that U.S. Marine pilots used Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards.
The latter gave audiences information usually given by intertitles.
Third world countries cannot use real estate, businesses and other assets as collateral.
He escaped from Sydney Cove multiple times before he was killed in 1796.
Ned and Dan went to the police camp and demanded surrender.
The "midget-in-a-cake" appearance was not successful.
Joss Whedon announced that "Fray is coming back".
Marvel Comics publishes characters called mutants.
The SAT Reasoning Test is a test for college admissions in the US.
Geisslerlieder, penitential songs, began during civil unrest in northern Italy.
Several factors can cause paralysis and hallucinations.
He was sent to Australia for seven years.
Charles found a "low door in the wall" that opened to an "enchanted garden".
Her friendship with Grigori Rasputin was notorious.
The term dorsal relates to structures on the back side of an animal.
Berzelius coined the term "protein" after Mulder's discovery that all proteins had the same empirical formula.
The gang evaded capture for 16 months after the jerilderie raid.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in France.
The color is either orange or pale yellow.
In 1963 an extension was added to the railway.
The commonwealth railways central australian line passed along the western side of the simpson desert before 1980.
The portage trail led west to Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy can experience arrhythmia and sudden cardiac death.
Mesoamerica's largest sub-region included a diverse landscape.
Google released the comic early and explained why on their blog.
Anybody can register a pedigree with the college and must provide proof before making changes.
The book political economy was published in 1985 but did not gain much attention.
He toured with the IPO twice, one in 1990 and one in 1994.
Austrian General Mack surrendered to Napoleon at Ulm.
Northern Nigeria relies on this area for economic production.
Most south indians speak one of five dravidian languages.
meteora was awarded with recognition.
The wwf cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho after a brief stand-off.
Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman wrote most of the songs.
The Slavs moved into the area in the 5th century.
From 1900 to 1920, many new facilities were built on campus.
Winchester is in Illinois, US.
The name arzashkun is an Assyrian form of an Armenian name.
She was chosen from the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show.
Its episodes were aired on the ABC Network from 1993 to 2005.
The device can be used in less strict conditions.
gimnasia hired two renowned trainers, but neither were successful.
Brighton is in Washington County, Iowa, USA.
She was also in music videos, such as "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
Glinde became a town on June 24 1979.
Pauline returned in 1994 and 2006 in the game boy remake of Donkey Kong.
The vagina can stretch to many times its original size during birth.
His date of birth is estimated to be between 1935 and 1939.
This measure indicates how much of a substance is needed to inhibit a process by half.
The Bernese Alps are located in multiple cantons, not just the Canton of Bern.
He had one daughter with Ann E Power.
Edward Gorey admired Bawden as an artist.
The string can create different particles like an electron, photon, or gluon.
Gable was nominated for an Academy Award for his role as Fletcher Christian in Mutiny on the Bounty.