The Sudanese military and the Janjaweed, a Sudanese militia recruited from the Afro-Arab Abbala tribes of the Northern Rizeigat region, make up one side of the armed conflicts.
Jeddah is the main entrance to Mecca, Islam's holiest city which Muslims must visit at least once in their lifetime.
The great dark spot is believed to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune.
His next work, Saturday, follows a busy day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula, a trickster character, spun a black cord, attached it to the ball, and quickly crawled away to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength.
He died six weeks later on 13 January 888.
They are similar to the coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea.
Since 2000, the winner of the Kate Greenaway Medal has also been given the Colin Mears Award worth £5000.
After the drummers are dancers, who usually play the sogo, a small drum that makes little noise, and have more detailed choreography.
The spacecraft consists of two parts: the NASA Cassini Orbiter, named after Italian-French astronomer Giovanni Domenico Cassini, and the ESA Huygens Probe, named after Dutch astronomer, mathematician, and physicist Christiaan Huygens.
alessandro  " sandro "  mazzola is an Italian former football player.
It was believed that the debris from the collision filled in the smaller craters.
graham studied at wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 and graduated with a BA in anthropology.
The bzö differs from the freedom party, as it is in favor of a referendum about the lisbon treaty but against an eu-withdrawal.
Many species disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century due to European settlement.
Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987.
In its pure form, dextromethorphan is a white powder.
It is very hard to get accepted into Tsinghua.
Today, NRC is organized as an independent, private foundation.
The Strelasund is located at the coast of the Baltic Sea, surrounding the city of Stralsund.
He was also named 1982 "Sportsman of the Year" by Sports Illustrated.
Fives is a British sport believed to have the same roots as many racquet sports.
For example, on King Bhumibol's birthday throughout Thailand will be decorated with yellow color.
The names of both museums became obsolete in 2007 when they combined to form the national museum of scotland.
Tagore imitated various styles, such as craftwork from northern New Ireland, Haida carvings from British Columbia, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, John F. Kennedy suggested the idea of the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She performed for President Reagan in 1988 in the Great Performances at the White House series, which was broadcast on PBS.
Perry Saturn and Terri defeated Eddie Guerrero and Chyna to win the WWF European Championship, with Saturn pinning Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
She and her husband stayed in the United States until 1927, when they returned to France.
Despina was found in late July 1989 from the images taken by the Voyager 2 probe.
The first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship happened on 4 September 1921 at Brescia.
He also wrote two collections of short stories called the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales.
The Voyager 2 images show Ophelia as an elongated object, with the major axis pointing towards Uranus.
The British chose to get rid of him and take the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in the South-East corner of Western Australia do not observe official Western Australian time.
Architectural decoration uses small pieces of colored and iridescent shell to create mosaics and inlays for walls, furniture, and boxes.
The other cities incorporated on the Palos Verdes Peninsula are Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Clank fears that drek will ruin the galaxy, so he asks Ratchet to help him locate the famous superhero Captain Qwark to prevent drek.
It is not a true louse.
He promotes using a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also works to make interaction design a common discipline.
It is possible that the other editors and the administrator who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone they've never met.
Working group i evaluates scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The island chain is part of the Hebrides, separated from Scotland and the Inner Hebrides by the stormy waters of the Minch, the Little Minch and the Sea of the Hebrides.
Orton and his wife had a daughter named Alanna Marie Orton on July 12, 2008.
The Minor Planet Center, a branch of the IAU, assigns formal minor planet designations.
Wind shear began to increase and the storm started to weaken on early September 30.
Each entry has a datum, which is a copy of the data in the backing store.
Mosques require both men and women to follow guidelines, even if they are not enforced.
mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques, released in 1991.
Ryan Prosser, born 10 July, 1988, is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Like past assessment reports, it has four reports, three of them from its working groups.
Their granddaughter Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris, and their grandson Pierre Joliot is a noted biochemist.
This stamp was the standard letter stamp for the rest of Victoria's reign, and many were printed.
The International Fight League was an American mixed martial arts promotion, known as the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia, also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis, is a flagellated protozoan parasite that resides and multiplies in the small intestine, causing giardiasis.
Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions, including the post-rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War, in which he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
This was the area east of the Vistula River, sometimes referred to as "Prussia Proper".
After graduating, he went back to Yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and was eventually appointed as the artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the Bible stories in Matthew and Luke.
weelkes ran into trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities due to his excessive drinking and inappropriate behaviour.
So far, celebrities who have been featured in episodes include Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady, and Lee Ryan.
Stephen P. Synnott discovered it in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken while orbiting Jupiter on March 5, 1979.
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
On 16 June 2009, the release date of The Resistance was announced on the band's website.
He is also part of another jungiery boyband, 183 club.
Hippolytus' apostolic tradition states that early Christian agape feasts included singing of Hallel Psalms with alleluia as the refrain.
In return, Rollo swore loyalty to Charles, became Christian, and defended the northern region of France from Viking attacks.
It is based on Voice of America Special English.
disney got a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones, given to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple.
It was the first asteroid to be found by a spacecraft.
hinterrhein is an administrative region in the canton of graubünden, Switzerland.
It carries on as the Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
this causes consumer confusion when 220  1,048,576  bytes is called 1 mb  megabyte  instead of 1 mib.
Numerous reports have been written about ethics in scholarship due to the incident.
They are castrated so the animal will be calmer or gain weight more quickly.
Seventh sons have special magical abilities, and seventh sons of seventh sons are rare and powerful.
Passmark Software's benchmarking showed the 2009 version had a 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 mb memory utilization.
Volterra is a town in the Tuscany region of Italy.
Historically, itch and pain have not been seen as separate until recently, when it was discovered they have similarities but also differences.
The tongue is sticky due to glycoprotein-rich mucous, which lubricates movement in and out of the snout and aids in catching ants and termites.
The tram had derailed on 30 May 2006 at Starr Gate Loop during trials before.
Statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson, both former ipswich town and england managers, stand outside the ground.
Find the square root of the variance.
Volunteers gave food, blankets, water, toys for children, massages, and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in Sarthe, a region in northwestern France.
If there are no land use regulations, buildings are built along a bypass, making it an ordinary town road, and it may become as congested as the local streets it was meant to avoid.
It is also a base for people who want to explore Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises usually cause pain but are usually not dangerous.
No one connected to Wikipedia can be responsible for how you use the information in or linked from these web pages.
George Frideric Handel was also Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover who later became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small and their vision is not sharp.
They are only rivaled in toughness by chitin as biological materials.
Oregano is a must-have in Greek cuisine.
Tickets can be sold for national rail services, the docklands light railway, and with oyster cards.
He published and created his own works, while his bigger woodcuts were mostly commissioned.
The historical method is the techniques and guidelines used by historians to research and write history using primary sources and other evidence.
The weight of the continental icecap on lake vostok is thought to cause the high oxygen concentration.
In 2000, the population was 89,148.
Aliteracy is the state of being able to read but having no interest in doing so.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound used as a medicine.
It will then let go and sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
Research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, and/or care about.
Today, Landis's father is a big supporter of his son and is one of Floyd's biggest fans.
After becoming a category 4 hurricane, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
The balance price for a particular type of labor is the wage.
Believing that the grounds were haunted, they chose to publish their discoveries in a book in 1911, using the pseudonyms Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He moved to London and mostly dedicated himself to teaching.
brunstad has multiple fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, coffee bar, and its own grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops to guard the newly conquered region.
In 1438, Trevi became part of the Legation of Perugia under the Church's temporal rule. After 1860, its history merged with the States of the Church, then with the United Kingdom of Italy.
The depression moved inland on the 20th and dissipated the next day, causing heavy rains and flooding in Brazil.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in New York City from 1952 to 1995.
The current members of the band are Flynn on vocals and guitar, Duce on bass, Phil Demmel on guitar, and Dave McClain on drums.
Countries with a minority Muslim population are more likely to use mosques to encourage civic participation than Muslim-majority countries of the Middle East.
the characters are profanity-filled versions of their earlier characters pete and dud.
Johan was the original bassist of the Swedish power metal band Hammerfall, but left before the band released a studio album.
In 1998, Culver won the Iowa Secretary of State race.
In 1990, Mark Messier won the Hart Trophy over Ray Bourque by a margin of two votes, due to one first-place vote.
Shade breaks the law, triggering a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony's home, forcing their migration, and separating them from him.
The female version is a daughter.
He was diagnosed with incurable abdominal cancer in April 1999.
Before the storm came, the national park service shut down visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks.
The form of chess played is speed chess with twelve minutes for the whole game.
The Amazon Basin is the area in South America drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were charged with mutiny and treason for their involvement in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre.
Moderate to severe damage spread up the Atlantic coastline and to West Virginia.
These computers are metaphorically compared to zombies because the owner is usually unaware.
The wave moved across the Atlantic and formed into a tropical depression near Haiti on September 13.
For example, the Associated Press's stylebook is updated yearly.
The four canonical texts are the Gospel of Matthew, Mark, Luke and John, likely written between AD 65 and 100.
Since the 19th century, Eschelbronn has been famous for its furniture manufacturing industry.
the top half also looks like the coat of arms of the old district oberbarnim.
Unlike Earth's clouds, which are composed of ice crystals, Neptune's cirrus clouds are made of frozen methane crystals.
Until they reach legal adulthood, their involvement is restricted.
Development stable releases are rare, but there are usually subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use.
In 1482, the order sent him to Florence, his destiny.
During the Soviet years, two of Rostov's principal landmarks, St Alexander Nevsky Cathedral and St George Cathedral in Nakhichevan, were demolished.
He died on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey demonstrated this in the Miller-Urey Experiment in 1953.
Cogeneration, also called Combined Heat and Power (CHP), is the use of a heat engine or power station to generate electricity and useful heat at the same time.
The den master may sometimes let another male into the den, but the purpose is unknown.
A wikipedia gadget is a javascript and/or css snippet which can be enabled by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences.
Here are some helpful links to help you get involved.
He was the prime minister of Egypt from 1945 to 1948.
She was left behind when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland, with varying explanations.
James I appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal, where he was an organist from 1615 until his death.
chauvin was uncomfortable getting his award and initially suggested he might not accept it.
Later, Esperanto speakers viewed the language and its culture as valuable on their own, even if it never becomes officially used.
Dry air weakened the deep convection around the cyclone early on September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Anna Paula Braun, also known as Eva Anna Paula Hitler, was the companion and briefly wife of Adolf Hitler.
Each version of the license has a different version number.
Most irc servers don't require users to register, but they will need to set a nickname before connecting.
In the same year, he also got a mechanics certificate, becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
Summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by WWE, happening on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
He is usually portrayed as being bald with long whiskers and is believed to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
Some animals can change color in changing environments, either seasonally or quickly with chromatophores in their skin, like the cephalopod family.
Val Venis won a steel cage match against Rikishi to hold onto the WWF Intercontinental Championship. Venis pinned Rikishi after Tazz hit him with a TV camera.
This is similar to the unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one task well and working together through universal interfaces.
He came from a musical family; his mother was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father was a band director at Yale.
The biggest populations of Mennonites are in Canada, Democratic Republic of Congo, and the United States, but they can also be found in small communities in over 51 countries on six continents, or among the population of those countries.
naas is a major town with many people who live there and work in dublin.
The armor on acanthopholis was made of oval plates put nearly horizontally into the skin, with spikes coming out of the neck and shoulder area, along the spine.
origin irmo was founded on Christmas Eve in 1890 due to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry, and Laurens Railroad.
Bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the House of Lords, while bills proposed by the House of Commons start in the House of Commons.
Before his final release in 1474, Vlad lived with his wife in a house in the Hungarian capital while he prepared to reconquer Wallachia.
You can add a five word passage to the front cover and a 25 word passage to the back cover of the modified version.
He is buried in the Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is the flexible tissue inside bones.
Reflection nebulae are usually blue since blue light scatters more efficiently than red light, just like blue skies and red sunsets.
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse département in southern France, in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur.
Macgruber attempts to make something to defuse the bomb, but gets distracted by something related to his personal life, causing him to run out of time.
Yvonne Loriod completed the orchestration of the final movement with guidance from George Benjamin when Messiaen died.
Shi'a Muslims regard Karbala as one of their most sacred cities after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem and Najaf.
The pad demanded the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat to resign, accusing them of being proxies for Thaksin.
Traveling through remote areas, on isolated tracks, needs prior planning and a reliable vehicle, usually a four wheel drive.
While at Kahn, he was the chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He apologizes because he has to go to rehearsal, and he and Dr. Schön leave.
britpop came from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterized by bands inspired by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
This was included in battalions that were created for xi international brigade.
The Sheppard Line has fewer users than the other two subway lines and uses shorter trains.
It has a capacity of 98,772, making it the largest stadium in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world.
In December 1967, ten Boom was recognized as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of Israel.
Some articles are longer and have more content, while others are shorter and of lower quality.
Around 95 species are currently accepted.
eugowra is named after an indigenous Australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
Terms like "undies" for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture" are common in English.
Jurisdiction is created from public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the executive and legislative branches of government's abilities to allocate resources for the benefit of its native society.
He wrote several pieces about Hiawatha, such as The Death of Minnehaha, Overture to the Song of Hiawatha, and Hiawatha's Departure.
The capital of the state is Aracaju.
Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade, despite this.
gumbasia was created using a style called kinesthetic film principles that vorkapich taught.
The lawyer Brandon Waise Lee became his idol, so MK Sun grew up to be a lawyer.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an old township near Cowra in Central West New South Wales, Australia in Cabonne Shire.
Donaldson joined the Australian Army on 18 June 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China were mining along the Peel River and climbing the mountain slopes.
Before pocket calculators existed, it was the most frequently used calculation tool in science and engineering.
The Kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option, and a thinner size.
Yoghurt is a dairy product made from bacterial fermentation of milk.
Seventy-five defencemen are in the Hall of Fame, more than any other current position, and only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
Various perspectives on the subject have been suggested throughout history, but all were dismissed by mainstream Christian groups.
The album was banned from many record stores across the country.
The legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
In late 2004, Suleman removed Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations due to Stern's numerous conversations about his move to Sirius Satellite Radio.
The company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's, and in 2002, system-wide sales surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations.
Kirk Cameron plays Caleb Holt, a firefighter in Albany, Georgia who follows the cardinal rule of all firemen, "never leave your partner behind".
He won the presidential election on 2 March 2008 with 71.25% of the popular vote.
the plant is considered a living relic.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky first thought of writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests across the nation were stopped.
Offenbach's operettas, like Orpheus in the Underworld and La Belle Hélène, were very popular in France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles from the Tang Dynasty with this symbol have been found near the ancient city of Chang'an (modern-day Xian).
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
The instrument was reportedly difficult to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the earliest existing church in Assisi.
Radar observations suggest a mostly iron-nickel composition.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly business journal that covers the railway, metro, light rail, and tram industries globally.
In 1988, he was given the companion of honour  ch .
loèche holds the onyx facilities, the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a small cardboard folder containing matches and with a coarse striking surface on the outside.
She was one of the first doctors to oppose cigarette smoking near children and drug use by pregnant women.
She defiantly vowed to never renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
Graystripe's trilogy is a three volume original English-language manga series that follows Graystripe from when he was taken by twolegs in Dawn until his return to ThunderClan in The Sight.
Syrians did not live in urban enclaves; many of the immigrants who had been peddlers could interact with Americans daily.
He was well-known for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
During childhood, she had collapsed lungs twice, pneumonia 4-5 times a year, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer of the Australian National University has argued that the need for nest boxes shows that logging practices are not sustainable for conserving hollow-dependent species like Leadbeater's Possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team from Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Small value inductors can be made on integrated circuits using the same processes for transistors.
The word gribble was first given to wood-boring species, particularly Limnoria lignorum, which was discovered by Rathke in Norway in 1799.
The wounds caused by a club are usually called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
After that, the county's administration took place at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has completed a quadruple axel in competition yet.
The port jackson district commandant could use the telephone exchange to talk to all military installations on the harbour.
Even those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying have to follow certain rules.
It is stated to be pointed in the face and the size of a rabbit.
Computer performance is measured by the amount of useful work accomplished in comparison to the time and resources used.
The Volga has some of the biggest reservoirs in the world.
The crosier represents the monasteries of the region.
Human skin hues can range from very dark brown to very pale pink.
Bankers from Shorebank, a community development bank in Chicago, assisted Yunus with the legal formation of the bank with a grant from the Ford Foundation.
Bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial, but the details of it had not yet been decided.
At the end of the regular season, the professional hockey writers' association vote for the all-star team.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan to the north, Iran to the west, Pakistan to the south, and the People's Republic of China to the east.
Nupedia was established on March 9, 2000, owned by Bomis, Inc., a web portal company.
Notable characteristics of the design include key-dependent s-boxes and a complicated key schedule.
iain grieve, born in 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana, is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
pont-bellanger and beaumesnil are other nearby settlements.
Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig proposed the quark model in 1964.
The fourth ring was added in 1938-39 and is decorated with golden garlands when the column was moved to its current location.
west berlin had its own postal system that issued its own stamps until 1990.
The Primavera is a painting by the Italian Renaissance painter Sandro Botticelli from around 1482.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of New South Wales.
The polymer usually used is epoxy, but other polymers like polyester, vinyl ester, or nylon can also be used.
The name still exists as a brand for a related digital television channel, digital radio station, and website which have outlived the printed magazine.
At four-and-a-half years old, he was alone on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years, staying in different orphanages and travelling with other homeless children.
Stands were added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground was modernized.
A town can still be called a market town even if it doesn't hold a market, as long as the right to do so still exists.
A bastion was built later on the eastern approaches.
Olav Haraldsson lost to his pagan vassals and was killed in the Battle of Stiklestad on July 29 in Norway.
Others theorized that the NKVD removed Tresca as punishment for criticizing the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union.
This caused montenegro and serbia to become independent countries.
Use html and css markup only when necessary.
schuschnigg quickly said publicly that reports of riots were false.
addiscombe is a suburb in the London Borough of Croydon, England.
Depending on the situation, another related definition of constituent is a citizen living in the area governed, represented, or served by a politician; sometimes this is limited to citizens who voted for the politician.
prunk is part of the institute of european history in mainz and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn.
Stallone had a cameo in the 2003 French film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
The crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the "hovercraft" and filmed the scene while driving up Templin Highway near Santa Clarita.
The conference papers were printed in a book the next year called "Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory" by Phelps et al.
The Wario Land series is a platforming series that started with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3, a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series.
frédéric chopin's opus 57 is a solo piano piece called a berceuse.
these attacks may have been psychological rather than physical.
A historian said quinine's effectiveness allowed colonists to move into the Gold Coast, Nigeria, and other parts of West Africa.
Also, spectroscopic studies have found evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, suggesting a stony surface composition.
She became the main editor of her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel.
Mercury looks similar to the moon: it is full of craters with some smooth plains, has no moons, and has no atmosphere.
Geographically, the town is located in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zürich.
These areas provide good habitat for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
After the Sena Dynasty, Dhaka was governed by Turkish and Afghan governors from the Delhi Sultanate until the Mughals arrived in 1608.
The prime minister remains in office only if they keep the support of the lower house.
This scene is important for Rowling because it shows Harry's bravery and selflessness by retrieving Cedric's corpse.
On June 1, 1972, he and two other RAF members were arrested after a long shootout in Frankfurt.
They formed new music manchester, a group dedicated to contemporary music.
The powerful hurricane caused severe damage in the upper Florida Keys, as a storm surge of 18 to 20 feet hit the area.
It is now the location of Meher Baba's Samadhi tomb-shrine along with facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
The dome of the main church has been fully restored.
In 2005, Meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition.
Salem is a city in Massachusetts, United States.
Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been documented.
Saint Martin is an island in the northeast Caribbean, about 300 km (186 miles) east of Puerto Rico.
These pdfs cannot be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images.
In April 1862, Ben was arrested for taking part in an armed robbery with Frank Gardiner, on the orders of Police Inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger.
It rained heavily in parts of Britain on October 5, leading to local flooding.
Version 2009.1 offers a usb installer to create a live usb, where the user's settings and data can be saved if wanted.
The seats were distributed based on each party's strength in the federal assembly, with the Free Democratic Party at 2 members, the Christian Democratic People's Party at 2 members, the Social Democratic Party at 2 members, and the Swiss People's Party at 1 member.
A fee is the payment for services, especially for a doctor, lawyer, consultant, or other expert.
ohio state has a library system of twenty-one libraries on its columbus campus.
Iceland and Greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway, but Scotland was able to fight off a Norse invasion and negotiate a good peace settlement.
The singles from the album included "By the Way", "The Zephyr Song", "Can't Stop", "Dosed" and "Universally Speaking".
In April 2000, MINIX became free and open source software under a permissive license, but by then, other operating systems had surpassed it, making it mainly used by students and hobbyists.
The body color can be medium brown, gold-ish, or beige-white and sometimes it is marked with dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
The Britannica was mainly a Scottish enterprise, as represented by its thistle logo, which is the floral emblem of Scotland.
The warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards as Jose intensified, before being canceled after landfall on September 23.
The San Diego Union Tribune reported in August 2003 that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders confirmed using Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the early stages of combat.
The latter gave viewers the kind of information that intertitles provide later, and can help historians think of what the film was like.
This is because real estate, businesses, and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can't be used as collateral to get capital to finance industrial and commercial growth.
He ran away from Sydney Cove multiple times before being killed in 1796.
Ned and Dan went to the police camp and demanded they surrender.
The press agreed that the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance before the second game wasn't as good as Veeck's usual promotions.
Joss Whedon confirmed in a video promoting Equality Now that "Fray is not done, Fray is coming back."
A mutant is a type of fictional character in Marvel Comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test, formerly known as the Scholastic Aptitude Test and Scholastic Assessment Test, is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
Civil unrest in northern Italy caused the creation of geisslerlieder, penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants.
Some reports state that several factors may increase the chance of both paralysis and hallucinations.
His punishment was transportation to Australia for seven years.
Charles was searching for love when he first encountered Sebastian and found the "low door in the wall" leading to an "enchanted garden", a metaphor present throughout the work.
Her well-known relationship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was also an important part of her life.
The term dorsal refers to structures located on or growing from the back of an animal.
Berzelius coined the term "protein" after Mulder saw that all proteins had the same formula and could be made of one type of very large molecule.
After the jerilderie raid, the gang hid for 16 months to avoid being caught.
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in northwestern France.
The color of it goes from orange to pale yellow.
In 1963, an extension was built from Union Station, going north below University Avenue and Queen's Park, then turning west and ending at St. George and Bloor Streets.
Before 1980, part of the Commonwealth Railways Central Australian Line ran along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
It is situated on an old portage trail which went west through the mountains to unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy are often vulnerable to arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both.
The largest sub-region in mesoamerica was the varied landscape from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán.
Google made the comic accessible on Google Books and their site and discussed it on its official blog with an explanation for the early release.
Anyone can register a pedigree with the college and they must have official proofs before it can be changed.
The book, political economy, was released in 1985 but had limited use in classrooms.
He toured with the ipo in 1990 and 1994, performing in the Soviet Union, China, and India.
During the napoleonic wars, Austrian General Mack surrendered his army to the Grand Army of Napoleon at Ulm, resulting in Napoleon gaining over 30,000 prisoners and causing 10,000 casualties on the losers.
It has been the economic hub of northern Nigeria for a long time, and a place for manufacturing and selling groundnuts.
Most south Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages — Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu and Tulu.
meteora won the band multiple awards and honors.
After a brief stand-off, the WWF cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho.
Most of the songs were composed by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman.
In the 5th century, Slavs began to move into the area.
From 1900 to 1920, numerous new buildings were made on campus, including ones for the dental and pharmacy programs, chemistry, natural sciences, hill auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
Winchester is a city in Scott County, Illinois, United States.
The name arzashkun appears to be the Assyrian version of an Armenian name ending in -ka, which is derived from the name arzash, similar to the names arsene and arsissa that were used by ancient people to describe part of Lake Van.
She was chosen among the 15 candidates from 16,421 participants in the national casting to appear on the tv show.
Its episodes aired on the ABC network from September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
The device can then be designed and used in less demanding environments.
gimnasia employed the renowned colombian trainer Francisco Maturana and then Julio César Falcioni, but they both had little success.
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa, USA.
Additionally, she was in several music videos, such as "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
On June 24 1979, Glinde received its town charter to celebrate the 750th anniversary of the village.
Pauline came back in the 1994 Game Boy remake of Donkey Kong and later in Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis, although she is now referred to as "Mario's friend".
The vagina is very elastic and can expand to multiple times its normal size during childbirth.
His real date of birth was never recorded, but it is thought to be between 1935 and 1939.
This measure shows how much of a substance is needed to reduce a biological process, such as an enzyme, cell, cell receptor, or microorganism, by half.
Although the name implies they are in the Bernese Oberland region of Bern, parts of the Bernese Alps are in other cantons such as Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg, and Vaud.
He had one daughter, Mary Ann Fisher Power, with Ann E. Power.
During an interview, Edward Gorey praised Bawden as one of his favorite artists, sadly noting that not many people remembered or knew about this talented artist.
The string can vibrate in different ways like a guitar string can, and each mode appears as a different particle, such as an electron, photon, gluon, etc.
Gable was nominated for an Academy Award when he acted as Fletcher Christian in 1935's Mutiny on the Bounty.
