The side of the armed conflicts composed mostly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed, a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan.
jeddah is the principal gateway to Mecca, Islam's holiest city, and able-bodied Muslims are required to visit it at least once in their lifetime.
The dark spot on Neptune is thought to represent a hole in the methane cloud deck.
His next work, Saturday, follows an eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord and attached it to the ball. He crawled away quickly to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength.
On January 888, he died six weeks later.
They are culturally similar to the coastal people of Papua New Guinea.
The recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been presented with the colin mears award, which is worth £ 5000.
Following the drummer is the dancers, who often play the small drum that makes almost no sound and tend to have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography.
The spacecraft consists of the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe.
Alessandro "Sandro" Mazzola was born in 1942. He is an Italian former football player.
It was thought that the debris from the collision filled in the smaller craters.
Graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943 and graduated with a BA in anthropology.
however, the bzö differs slightly from the freedom party, as it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon treaty but opposed to an eu-withdrawal.
Many species of animals went extinct after European settlement.
Wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame in 1987.
In its pure form, dextromethorphan is a white powder.
Admission to Tsinghua University is extremely competitive.
Today, NRC is an independent, private foundation.
It is located at the coast of the Baltic Sea, enclosed by the city of Stralsund.
He was named 1982 " sportsman of the year" by sports Illustrated.
fives is a British sport that derives from the same origins as many racquet sports.
For example, King Bhumibol was born on Monday, so throughout Thailand will be decorated with yellow color.
both brands were defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland.
despite, however, emulating numerous styles, including Craftwork from Northern New Ireland, Haida Carvings from the West Coast of Canada, and Woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, presidential candidate John F. Kennedy proposed the concept of the peace corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She performed for President Reagan in 1988's great performances at the White House series.
Perry Saturn, with Terri Guerrero, defeated Eddie Guerrero, with Chyna, to win the WWE European Championship at 8:10 onSaturn pinned Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
She remained in the United States until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France.
despina was discovered in late July, 1989 by the Voyager 2 probe.
The first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship took place on 4 September 1921 at Brescia.
He also completed two collections of short stories, entitled the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales.
At the Voyager 2 images of Ophelia, the major axis points towards Uranus.
The British decided to eliminate him and take the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in the South-East Corner of Western Australia don't follow Western Australian Time.
In architectural decoration, small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays, which have been used to decorate walls, furniture, and boxes.
The other cities on the Peninsula include Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
In order to stop Drek from destroying the galaxy, clank asked ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark, in an effort to stop Drek.
It's not a real louse.
He advocates using a user-centered design process in product development cycles and working towards popularizing interaction design as a mainstream discipline.
It's theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you and the administrator who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone who they've never met in person.
The working group is looking at scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The island chain forms part of the Hebrides, separated from the scottish mainland and from the inner Hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch, the little minch and the sea of the Hebrides.
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie on July 12, 2008.
The formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the minor planet center.
By early September 30, wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began.
Each entry has a datum (a small snippet of data) and a nugget of data (a copy of the datum in a backing store).
Although many mosques won't enforce violations, both men and women must adhere to these guidelines when attending a mosque.
Mariel of Redwall is a novel by Brian Jacques, published in 1991.
Ryan Prosser was born on October 10, 1988, and is a professional rugby union player who plays for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
like the previous assessment reports, it consists of four reports, three of them from its working groups.
Their granddaughter Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris and their grandson Pierre Joliot is a noted biochemist.
This stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the rest of Victoria's reign. vast quantities were printed.
The International Fight League was an American mixed martial arts promotion billed as the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia and giardia duodenalis are synonymous with the protozoan parasite lamblia intestinalis and the flagellated protozoan parasite giardia lamblia.
aside from this, cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions, among them the post-rapture films left behind: the movie, left behind II: tribulation force, and left behind: world at war, in which he plays cameron " buck " williams.
This was the area east of the mouth of the Vistula River. Later, it was called " Prussia proper."
After graduation, he returned to Armenia and taught at the local conservatory and was later appointed artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew and the gospel of luke.
Weelkes was in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behavior.
So far, the ' celebrity ' episodes have included Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simongregson, Lee Ryan.
It was discovered by Stephen P. Synnott in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5, 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter.
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show, hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
The release date was announced on the band's website on 16 June 2009.
He is a member of another boyband that is 183.
The apostolic tradition, attributed to Hippolytus, attests the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early Christian agape feasts.
In return, Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and undertook to defend the northern region of France against the incursions of other Viking groups.
It is derived from the voice of America.
Disney received a full-size Oscar statue and seven miniature ones, presented to him by 10-year-old child actress Shirley Temple.
It was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft.
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.
It continued to be the bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
When 220 1,048,576 bytes is referenced as 1 Mb instead of 1 mib, consumer confusion happens.
The incident has been the focus of many reports about ethics in scholarship.
Castration makes the animal more docile and makes it put on more weight quickly.
Seventh sons have special magical abilities and are rare and powerful.
benchmarking conducted by passmark software highlights the 2009 version's 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 mb memory utilization.
volterra is a town in Tuscany, Italy.
historically, it was found that itch and pain have similarities and differ in many ways.
The tongue is sticky because of the glycoprotein-rich mucous. This helps to move and catch ants and termites.
A tram derailed on 30 May 2006 at Starr Gate Loop during a previous trial.
There are statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson outside the ground.
To take the square root of the variance, you need to know the variance.
The volunteers provided food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium.
The commune is in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern France.
If there are no strong land use controls, buildings will be built on a bypass and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid.
Cooktown, cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton tableland are starting points for people wanting to explore.
Bruises don't usually hurt and are usually not dangerous.
None of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, vandals, or anyone else connected with Wikimedia can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages.
George Frideric Handel also served as kapellmeister for George, elector of Hanover, who eventually became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small and their visual acuity is poor.
They are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin.
Oregano is an essential ingredient in Greek cuisine.
Tickets can be sold for national rail services, the docklands light railway, and on an oyster card.
He produced and published his own work, while his larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned by others.
The historical method is the process by which historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and then write history.
The weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of the lake vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration.
As of 2000, the population was 89,148.
Aliteracy is the state of being able to read but not be interested in doing so.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound that is used as a pharmaceutical.
It will then try to eat its food and wait for its next meal.
Furthermore, research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that they know, trust, and care about.
Today, Landis' father is a supportive father and views himself as one of Floyd's biggest fans.
shortly after becoming category 4, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
The equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage.
The authors decided to publish their findings in a book under the pseudonyms of Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont in 1911.
He settled in London and devoted himself to teaching.
Brunstad has several fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, coffee shop, and its own grocery store.
He left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region.
In 1438, trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia. From thenceforth, its history merged with that of the states of the church, then 1860 with the united kingdom of Italy.
The depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation devoid of convection and dissipated the next day over Brazil.
The new York City Housing Authority Police Department was an agency that existed from 1952 to 1995.
The current lineup of the band features Flynn on vocals, guitar, duce, bass, phil demmel on guitar, and Dave McCallion on drums.
Advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries in the greater middle east to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation.
The characters are foul-mouthed copies of earlier characters Pete and Dud.
Johan was the original bassist for the Swedish power metal band hammerfall, but he quit before their first studio album ever came out.
Culver was victorious in 1998 when he ran for Iowa Secretary of State.
In 1990, Mark Messier won the Hart over Ray Bourque by a margin of two votes.
Shade set the story in motion when he defied that law and caused the colony to become endangered by moving too quickly, and then separated from them to live his own life.
The female equivalent is a daughter.
He was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April 1999.
The National Park Service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks before the storm.
Speed chess is a chess game in which each competitor has a total of twelve minutes to play.
The Amazon Basin is the part of South America drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were charged with treason and mutiny for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre.
Moderate to severe damage was extended up the Atlantic coast and into West Virginia .
Because the owner is unaware, these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies.
The wave traveled across the Atlantic and organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
The stylebook of the Associated Press is updated annually.
The four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew, gospel of mark, gospel of luke and gospel of john, probably written between 65 and 100.
Since the end of the 19th century, eschelbronn has become well known for their furniture manufacturing industry.
The upper half of the coat of arms of the former Oberbarnim district looks like the upper half of the coat of arms of the current district oberbarnim.
unlike the clouds on Earth, Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane.
Their participation is limited until they reach legal adulthood.
There are rare development stable releases, but they are often unstable enough to use.
Finally, in 1482, the order sent him to Florence, the 'city of his destiny'.
In the Soviet years, the Bolsheviks destroyed two of Rostov's principal landmarks - Alexei Nevsky Cathedral in 1908 and St. George Cathedral in 1783-1807.
He died on May 29, 1518, in Madrid, Spain, and was buried in the church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
This was demonstrated in the miller-urey experiment by Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey in 1953.
cogeneration also combines heat and power.
The den master may allow a second male into the den for some unknown reason.
A wikipedia gadget is a javascript snippet that can be enabled by checking an option in your Wikipedia preferences.
Below are some helpful links to help you get involved.
He served as the Prime Minister of Egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948.
When the rest of the Nicoleños were moved to the mainland, she was left behind. She explanations for this vary when she was moved.
James I appointed him a Gentleman of the Chapel Royal, where he served as an organist from at least 1615 until his death.
Chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially indicated that he might not accept it.
The language and culture that had grown up around it were seen as ends in themselves by Esperanto speakers later.
Once the deep convection was eroded, the dry air Wrap around the southern periphery of the cyclone.
Calvin Baker is an American writer.
Eva Braun, born Eva Ann Paula Braun, was the longtime companion and wife of Adolf Hitler.
Each license has a different version number.
Most IRC servers don't require users to register a account, but they will have to set a nickname before being connected.
That same year, he also received a mechanics certificate and became the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
Summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling event that will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
usually portrayed as being bald, with long whiskers, he is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
Some animals have a chromatic response, changing color in different environments, either seasonally or rapidly.
According to the Wrestling Observer Newsletter, val venis was able to win the Intercontinental Championship in a steel cage match against Rikishi on 14:10 by defeating him with a TV camera.
This analogy closely resembles the Unix philosophy of having multiple programs that work together and share universal interfaces.
He was born into a musical family; his mother, Larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale.
The largest populations of mennonites are in Canada, the democratic republic of Congo, and the United States, but mennonites can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the populace of those countries.
naas is a major "Dublin suburb" town, with many people living in naas and working inDublin.
The armour of acanthopholis 's was made out of oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin, with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area, and along the spine.
The company was founded on Christmas Eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry, and Laurens Railroad.
Bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the house of lords.
In the years leading up to his final release in 1474, when he began preparations for the reconquest of Wallachia, Vlad resided in the Hungarian capital of Budapest.
You can add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text, and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text, to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version.
He is buried in the restvale cemetery in Illinois.
Bone marrow is the flexible tissue found inside the hollow interior of bones.
When you look at a star in the night sky, the light from the star is scattered in many directions.
Monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse département in southern France.
Macgruber starts asking for simple objects to make something to defuse the bomb, but he is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life that makes him run out of time.
This was mostly complete when Maurice Messiaen died and Yvonne Loriod undertook the orchestration with advice from George Benjamin.
Shi ' a Muslims consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem, and Najaf.
The pad called for the resignation of the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat, whom the pad accused of being proxies for Thaksin.
however, traveling through very remote areas or on isolated tracks requires advance planning and a reliable vehicle, usually a four-wheel drive.
Kahn was chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He excuses himself and leaves because he has to go to rehearsal. He and Dr. Schön leave.
britpop emerged from the independent music scene in the early 1990s and was influenced by the 1960s and 1970s guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
This was absorbed into the battalions being formed for the Chinese military.
The sheppard line currently has fewer users than the other two subway lines and shorter trains are run.
The stadium has a capacity of 98,772.
In December, 1967, ten Boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of Israel.
Some articles are long and full of content, while others are shorter and of lesser quality.
There are about 95 accepted species of plants.
eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sandWashes down the hill."
Terms like " undies " and " movie " are often heard in English.
Jurisdiction comes from public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society.
He followed up his previous pieces about Hiawatha with a series about Hiawatha : the death of Minnehaha, overture to the song of Hiawatha, and Hiawatha's departure.
The capital of Brazil is Brasília.
despite this, Farren was paid less than her male colleagues for nearly a decade.
Vorkapich taught a style called kinesthetic film principles, which involved using movement to create the illusion of motion.
brandon waise lee became his idol and mk sun grew up to become a lawyer.
The township is located near cowra in the central west of New South Wales, Australia in cabonne shire.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian army on 18 June 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China were also digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
Pocket calculators were the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering before the advent of the pocket calculator.
The Kindle 2 features 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, 20 percent faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud, and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  .
Yoghurt or yogurt is a dairy product.
Seventy-five defencemen are in the Hall of Fame, more than any other current position, while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
There are alternative views on the subject that have been proposed throughout the centuries, but all were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
The album was banned from many stores nationwide.
The legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
In late 2004, Suleman cut Howard Stern's radio show from four stations, citing Stern's outspoken talk about his upcoming move to Sirius satellite radio.
The company opened twice as many stores as McDonald's " Wendy's confirms tim Hortons' IPO by March " , Ottawa Business Journal, December 1, 2005, and system-wide sales surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002.
The plot captain, Caleb Holt, Kirk Cameron, and Georgia are all firefighters in Albany, Georgia, and they all maintain the cardinal rule of all firefighters, " never leave your partner behind."
He won the presidential election in 2008 with 71.25% of the popular vote.
The plant is considered a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female performer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky conceived of the ballet in 1913 when he was a teenager.
The protests were suppressed by the government.
Offenbach 's numerous operas, such as orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène, were extremely popular in both France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
roof tiles from the Tang Dynasty have been found west of the ancient city of chang ' an modern-day xian.
February 13th, 1921, November 11th, 1968, was Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux, an French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
By most accounts, the instrument was difficult to control.
The earliest extant church in Assisi is Santa Maria Maggiore.
The characteristics of the radar observations suggest that the metal components of the object are relatively pure.
The railway gazette international is a monthly business journal that covers the railway, metro, light rail, and tram industries worldwide.
He was appointed a Companion of Honour in 1988.
loèche is home to the installation of onyx, which is used to intercept electronic intelligence.
A matchbook is a small cardboard folder that encloses a quantity of matches and has a coarse striking surface on the exterior.
She was one of the first doctors to object to smoking around children, and drug use in pregnant women.
She vowed to never renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
The manga series, "Graystripe," is a trilogy following graystripe, between the time that he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight.
The samovar and porter from 1994 were made in Russia and were not meant to be used in urban areas. Many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis.
He was famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
She had collapsed lungs, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst when she was a child.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer, Australian National University, has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable, for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater's possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
An integrated circuit can be built using the same processes that are used to make transistors.
The term gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species, especially the first species described from Norway by Rathke in 1799.
Bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries are the wounds inflicted by a club.
subsequent to the county becoming the town of Duns or Lauder in 1596, the administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town.
No skater has ever completed a quadruple Axel in competition.
The telephone exchange was in the port jackson district commandant's office.
however, even to those who don't intend to pray, there are still rules that apply.
It has a pointed face and is about the size of a rabbit.
Computer performance is measured by how much work a computer system can do compared to how long and resources it uses.
Some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be found along the Volga River.
The crosier is the symbol for the monasteries in the region.
Human skin colors can range from very dark brown to very pale pink.
The bankers from Shorebank, a community development bank in Chicago, helped Yunus with the official incorporation of the bank.
Bremer plans to put Saddam on trial, but claims that the details of such a trial haven't yet been determined.
Representatives of the professional hockey writers' association vote to select the all-star team at the end of the regular season.
According to the World Atlas, tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan border afghanistan to the north, iran to the west, pakistan to the south and the people's republic of China to the east.
nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000, by bomis, Inc., a web portal company.
The notable features of the keyboard include key-dependent s-boxes and a highly complex key schedule.
Iain Grieve was born on February 19, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana. He is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Other nearby settlements include Pont-Bellanger and Beaumesnil.
The quark model was independently proposed by physicists Murray Gell-mann and George Zweig in 1964.
The fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location.
West Berlin had its own postal administration and different stamps from West German postal administration.
The primavera painting by Sandro Botticelli, c. 1482, is one of the most famous paintings in history.
Sydney is the largest city in New South Wales.
The polymer is usually epoxy, but other polymers, such as polyester, vinyl ester or nylon, can also be used.
The name of the related spin-off digital television channel, digital radio station, and website still survives as a brand.
Four-and-a-half-year-old Lorenzo was left to fend for himself on the streets of Northern Italy for the next four years, living in various orphanages and roaming through towns with groups of other homeless children.
The stands were added in the 1980s and 1990s to make the ground more modern.
A town can be correctly described as a market town or have market rights even if it doesn't have a market anymore.
The bastion was built later.
On July 29th, a battle took place in the town of Stiklestad in Norway between the Norwegian King and his pagan vassals.
Others have theorized that Tresca was eliminated as retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime in the Soviet Union.
This caused Montenegro and Serbia to become independent countries.
Use HTML and CSS markup sparingly and only for good reasons.
Schuschnigg immediately denied reports of riots being true.
Addiscombe is a suburb in the London borough of Croydon, England.
Depending on the context, a constituent can mean a citizen who lives in the area governed by the politician, represented by them, or who is a part of the population who the politician serves.
Prunk is a senior fellow at the institute of European history in Mainz, and a member of the center for European integration studies in Bonn.
Stallone had a cameo appearance in the 2003 French film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
Instead of using a traditional set and set up, the crew built a cantilevered arm attached to a "hovercraft" and shot the scene while riding on a highway north of Santa Clarita.
The conference papers were published in a book in 1993.
The wario land series is a platforming series that started with wario land: Super Mario Land 3.
Chopin's opus 57 is a berceuse for solo piano.
These attacks may have been psychological in origin.
A historian has said that quinine's efficacy gave colonists new opportunities to swarm into new areas in west Africa and other parts of Africa.
Additionally, spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates on the surface of the rock.
She became the authoritative editor of her husband's works for Breitkopf und Härtel.
Mercury is similar in appearance to the moon: it is heavily cratered with regions of rough plains, has no natural satellites, and no substantial atmosphere.
The town is located in the limmat valley between Baden and Zurich.
These habitats provide excellent places for chinkara , hog deer, and blue bull.
After the Sena dynasty, Dhaka was ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors descending from the Delhi sultanate before the arrival of the Mughals in 1608.
The prime minister is in office only as long as they keep the support of the lower house.
This scene is important because it shows Harry's bravery and by retrieving Cedric's corpse, he demonstrates his selflessness and compassion.
On June 1, 1972, Jan-Carl Raspe, Holger Meins, and Wolfgang Hofer were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in Frankfurt.
The band formed together and became committed to contemporary music.
The compact and intense hurricane caused extensive damage in the upper Florida Keys, as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region.
The site is now the site of Meher Baba's tomb-shrine and facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
The collapsed dome of the main church has been restored completely.
In 2005, meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition.
Salem is a city in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States.
Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been reported.
Saint Martin is an island in the northeast Caribbean, approximately 300 kilometers east of Puerto Rico.
If the pdfs contain images, they can't be distributed without further manipulation.
In April 1862, Ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger for participating in an armed robbery whilst in the company of Frank Gardiner.
Heavy rain fell across portions of Britain on October 5, causing localized flooding.
Version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb, where the user's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired.
According to the website, the free democratic party (fdp) had two members in the federal assembly, the christian democratic people's party (cvp) had two members, the social democratic party (sp) had two members, and the swiss people's party (svp) had one member.
A fee is the price one pays as compensation for services.
The Ohio State Library System includes 21 libraries located on its Columbus campus.
In other developments, both Iceland and Greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway, but Scotland was able to repulse aNorwegian Invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement.
The singles from the album included " by the way ", " the zephyr song ", " can't stop ", " dosed " and " universally speaking ".
In April 2000, Minix became free/open source software under a permissive free software licence, but by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities, and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists.
The body color can vary from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white. Sometimes, it has dark brown spots.
The britannica was primarily a British enterprise, as it was represented by the thistle logo and the floral emblem of Scotland.
The area that was covered by the warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards as Jose intensified.
In September 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune alleged that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat.
The intertitles in the latter provided audiences with the sort of information later provided by historians, and can help them imagine what the film may have been like.
Because real estate, businesses, and other assets in the underground economies of the Third World can't be used as collateral to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion, it doesn't work as a form of investment.
He bolted from Sydney Cove several times before being shot dead in 1796.
Ned and Dan advanced to the police camp and ordered them to surrender.
The press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance had not been up to Vince McMahon's usual promotional standard.
In a short video promoting the charity, Joss Whedon confirmed that " fray is not over ."
A mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The SAT and ACT are standardized tests for college admission in the United States.
Geisslerlieder is a medieval musical form that spawns civil unrest in Northern Italy.
Some reports say that various factors increase the chance of paralysis and hallucinations.
His sentence was for seven years to go to Australia.
Waugh writes that Charles had been " in search of love in those days " when he first met Sebastian, finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , a metaphor that informs the work on a number of levels.
Her notorious friendship with Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was a factor in her life.
The term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are either situated toward or grow off the side of an animal.
The term "protein" was coined by Berzelius, after Muller observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of large molecule.
The jerilderie raid left the gang low on resources for 16 months.
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern France.
The color range for this herb is orange to pale yellow.
In 1963, an extension was added to the station, curving north from Union Station, below University Avenue, and Queen's Park to near Bloor Street, where it turned west to terminate at St. George and Bloor Streets.
A section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed along the western side of the Simpson Desert before 1980.
It is located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy are at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both.
As the largest sub-region in Mesoamerica, it included a vast and diverse landscape.
Google made the comic available on their website and their blog along with an explanation for its early release.
You can register your pedigree with the college to get official proofs before you are altered.
The book was published in 1985 but was not well received by the classroom.
He toured with the I.P.O. in the spring of 1990 in the Soviet Union and performed in Moscow and Leningrad. He toured with the I.P.O. again in 1994 in China and India.
The Napoleonic Wars were a series of wars fought by the French and the Austrian armies.
It has been the economic centre of northern Nigeria for many years and a centre for the production and export of groundnuts.
A majority of south Indian people speak one of the five dravidian languages--Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu, and Tulu.
meteora won multiple awards and honors.
After a brief standoff, the WWE cavalry turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho.
Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman wrote most of the songs for the show.
The Slavs moved into the area in the 5th century.
Many new facilities were constructed on campus between 1900 and 1920.
Winchester is a city in Scott County, Illinois, United States.
The name seems to be the Armenian form of an armenian name ending in -ka, which recalls the name arsene, arsissa, applied by the ancient Greeks to a part of lake van.
She was chosen among the 16,421 participants in the national casting to appear on the show.
Its episodes were aired on the ABC Network from its debut on September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
The latter device can be used in more stringent environments.
Gimnasia hired Colombian trainer Francisco Maturana and Italian trainer Giulio Cesare Falcioni, but both had limited success.
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa, United States.
She appeared in several music videos, including " it girl" by John Oates and " just lose it" by Eminem.
On June 24th, 1979, the 750th anniversary of the village, Glinde received its town charter.
Pauline returned in the 1994 gameboy remake of Donkey Kong and later in Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis.
The vagina is incredibly elastic and stretches to many times its normal size during vaginal birth.
His real date of birth is unknown, but it is believed to be around 1935-1939.
This quantitative measure shows how much inhibitor is needed to inhibit a given biological process or component of a process, i.e. an enzyme, cell, cell receptor, or microorganism.
although the name suggests that they are located in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern , portions of the bernese alps are in the adjacent cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
He had one daughter, later baptized as Mary Ann Fisher, to Ann Eleanor Power.
In an interview, Edward Gorey mentioned that Bawden was one of his favorite artists, lamenting the fact that not many people knew about him.
The string can vibrate in different modes, like a guitar string can produce different notes. And every mode appears as a different particle- like an electron, a photon, a gluon, etc.
Gable was nominated for an academy award when he played Fletcher Christian in 1935's mutiny on the bounty.
