The Sudanese military and the Janjaweed militia made up one side of the armed conflicts, mostly from the Afro-Arab Abbala tribes in Sudan.
Jeddah is the main entrance to Mecca, the holiest city in Islam, which all able-bodied Muslims are required to visit at least once in their lifetime.
The great dark spot is believed to be a hole in Neptune's methane cloud layer.
His next work, Saturday, follows a day in the life of a neurosurgeon.
The tarantula, a trickster character, pulled the ball east with a black cord while using all his strength.
He died six weeks later on January 13, 888.
The peoples of Papua New Guinea are culturally related to them.
The recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal has received the Colin Mears Award worth £5000 since 2000.
The dancers follow the drummers, usually playing the sogo, and have complex choreography.
The spacecraft is made of two parts, the NASA Cassini Orbiter and the ESA Huygens Probe.
Alessandro Mazzola, born on November 8th, 1942, is an Italian former football player.
The collision filled in the smaller craters with debris.
Graham graduated with a BA in anthropology from Wheaton College in 1943.
The BZÖ differs from the Freedom Party, as it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty but against an EU-withdrawal.
Many species disappeared when Europeans settled in the late nineteenth century.
In 1987, Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
In its pure form, dextromethorphan is a white powder.
It is hard to get into Tsinghua.
NRC is now an independent, private foundation.
The city of Stralsund is located at the coast of the Baltic Sea.
Sports Illustrated named him the 1982 Sportsman of the Year.
Fives is a British sport believed to have come from the same source as racquet sports.
On King Bhumibol's birthday, Thailand is decorated with yellow.
In 2007, the national museum of Scotland merged both names into one.
Tagore copied many styles, such as northern New Ireland craftwork, Haida carvings from British Columbia, and Max Pechstein's woodcuts.
On October 14, 1960, John F. Kennedy proposed the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She performed for President Reagan in 1988 on the PBS show Great Performances at the White House.
Perry Saturn and Terri defeated Eddie Guerrero and Chyna to win the WWF European Championship.
She and her husband returned to France in 1927.
Despina was discovered by the Voyager 2 probe in late July 1989.
The first Italian Grand Prix Motor Racing Championship happened at Brescia on September 4th, 1921.
He wrote two collections of short stories called "the ribbajack & other curious yarns" and "seven strange and ghostly tales".
Voyager 2 images show Ophelia as an elongated object, with its major axis pointing towards Uranus.
The British decided to remove him and take the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in Western Australia do not use official Western Australian time.
Mosaics and inlays made from small, colored and iridescent shells have been used to decorate walls, furniture, and boxes in architectural decoration.
Other cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula are Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Clank asked Ratchet to help him find Captain Qwark to stop Drek from destroying the galaxy.
It is not a real louse.
He promotes interaction design as a discipline and uses a user-centered design process in product development.
It is possible that the people who reported and blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone they have never met.
Working Group I assesses the scientific aspects of climate change.
The island chain is part of the Hebrides and is separated from the Scottish mainland and the Inner Hebrides by rough waters.
Orton and his wife had a daughter, Alanna Marie Orton, on July 12, 2008.
The IAU's Minor Planet Center oversees formal minor planet designations that are number-name combinations.
Wind shear increased and the storm began to weaken on September 30.
Each entry has a copy of data from a backing store.
Men and women must follow guidelines when attending a mosque, even if the mosque does not enforce them.
Brian Jacques published Mariel of Redwall, a fantasy novel, in 1991.
Ryan Prosser, born 10 July 1988, plays professional rugby for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
The assessment report consists of four reports, three from its working groups, like previous assessment reports.
Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics and Pierre Joliot, named after Pierre Curie, is a biochemist.
This stamp was the standard letter stamp for the rest of Victoria's reign and many were printed.
The International Fight League was an American MMA promotion, called the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia is a protozoan parasite that causes giardiasis in the small intestine.
Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions, such as the post-rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War, where he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
This area was east of the Vistula River and was sometimes called "Prussia Proper".
He returned to Yerevan after graduation and taught at the local conservatory, then became the artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas comes from the Gospels of Matthew and Luke.
weelkes got in trouble with the Chichester cathedral authorities for his drinking and bad behavior.
'Celebrity' episodes have included Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, and more.
Stephen P. Synnott discovered it in Voyager 1 images taken while orbiting Jupiter on March 5, 1979.
Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser hosted a Spanish radio show called Gomaespuma.
The official release date of The Resistance was announced on the band's website on 16 June 2009.
He is also a member of the boyband 183 Club.
Hippolytus attested that Hallel Psalms were sung with Alleluia as the refrain in early Christian Agape feasts.
In return, Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and promised to defend France from other Viking groups.
It comes from Voice of America Special English.
Shirley Temple presented Disney with a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones.
The spacecraft discovered the first asteroid.
Hinterrhein is a district in the Swiss Canton of Graubünden.
Bohemian Switzerland continues in the Czech Republic.
Consumer confusion arises when 1 mb is used to refer to 1,048,576 bytes instead of 1 mib.
Numerous reports have been written about ethics in scholarship concerning the incident.
Animals are castrated to make them more docile or gain weight quickly.
Seventh sons have special magical abilities, and seventh sons of seventh sons are rare and powerful.
Passmark Software benchmarking showed that the 2009 version had a 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 mb memory utilization.
Volterra is in the Tuscan region of Italy.
Recently, it was found that itch has similarities to pain, but also has notable differences.
The tongue is sticky due to glycoprotein-rich mucous, which helps the snout move and catch ants and termites.
The tram had derailed at Starr Gate Loop during earlier trials on 30 May 2006.
Statues of former Ipswich Town and England managers Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson are outside the ground.
Find the square root of the variance.
Volunteers offered food, blankets, water, toys, massages, and a rock band performance at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in France's Sarthe department.
If there are no land use controls, a bypass can become congested like ordinary town roads.
Cairns is a starting point for exploring Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises can be painful but are usually not dangerous.
No one connected to Wikipedia can be held responsible for the use of any information from these webpages.
George Frideric Handel served as Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover, who became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small and they can't see very well.
Only chitin is tougher than them as a biological material.
Oregano is used a lot in Greek cuisine.
Tickets can be bought for national rail services, the docklands light railway, and with an oyster card.
He produced and published his own works, and mostly commissioned work for his larger woodcuts.
Historians use the historical method to research and write history using primary sources and evidence.
The heavy continental icecap is thought to be the cause of the high oxygen concentration in Lake Vostok.
The population in 2000 was 89,148.
Aliteracy is the state of being able to read but not wanting to.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as a pharmaceutical.
The fish will sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for the next meal.
Research has shown children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, or care about.
Today, Floyd's father is a devoted fan and supporter of his son.
The outer convection of the hurricane became ragged shortly after it became a category 4.
The wage is the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor.
They published their findings in a book, "An Adventure," under the pseudonyms of Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont, after believing the grounds were haunted.
He settled in London and focused on teaching.
Brunstad has fast food restaurants, a cafeteria, a coffee bar, and a grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops to guard the conquered region.
In 1438, Trevi was controlled by the Church as part of the Legation of Perugia, and later became part of the States of the Church and eventually the United Kingdom of Italy in 1860.
The depression moved inland and caused heavy rains and flooding in Brazil before it dissipated the next day.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency that lasted from 1952 to 1995.
The band's lineup is Flynn on vocals and guitar, Duce on bass, Phil Demmel on guitar, and Dave McClain on drums.
Countries with a minority Muslim population are more likely to use mosques to promote civic participation than Muslim-majority countries of the Greater Middle East.
Pete and Dud are foul-mouthed versions of their earlier characters.
Johan was the bassist of the Swedish power metal band Hammerfall but quit before they released a studio album.
In 1998, culver won the election for Iowa secretary of state.
Mark Messier beat Ray Bourque by two votes in 1990, due to one first-place vote.
Shade starts a chain of events by breaking the law, which leads to the destruction of his colony's home, forces early migration and separates him from them.
The female version is a daughter.
He was diagnosed with cancer in April 1999.
The National Park Service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the Outer Banks before the storm arrived.
The competitors in chess play speed chess with twelve minutes for each game.
The Amazon Basin is drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 Gwangju massacre.
Damage extended to the Atlantic coastline and inland to West Virginia.
Computers without an owner are often compared to zombies.
The wave became a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
The Associated Press updates its stylebook annually.
The four canonical texts are the Gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John, which were likely written between 65-100 AD.
Eschelbronn is known for its furniture manufacturing industry since the 19th century.
The upper half looks like the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim.
Neptune's cirrus clouds are composed of crystals of frozen methane, not ice like the clouds on Earth.
They can't fully participate until they reach legal adulthood.
Stable releases of development are rare, but there are usually stable subversion snapshots which can be used.
In 1482, the order sent him to Florence, his destiny.
The Bolsheviks destroyed two of Rostov's main landmarks during Soviet years.
He died on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the Church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey demonstrated this in the Miller-Urey Experiment in 1953.
Cogeneration, or CHP, is when a heat engine or power station creates electricity and useful heat at the same time.
The male den master occasionally allows a second male in, but the reason is unknown.
A Wikipedia gadget can be enabled by checking an option in your Wikipedia preferences.
Here are some helpful links to get involved.
He was the Prime Minister of Egypt from 1945 to 1948.
She was left behind when the rest of the Nicolenos were moved to the mainland, and the reasons for this vary.
James I appointed him a gentleman of the Chapel Royal, where he was an organist from 1615 until he died.
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially said he may not accept it.
Esperanto speakers developed a culture around the language even if it was never officially adopted.
Dry air weakened the cyclone's deep convection on September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Anna Paula Braun was Adolf Hitler's companion and, briefly, wife until her death in 1945.
Each version of the license has a different number.
Users don't need to register an account to use an irc server, but they must set a nickname first.
He became the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York that same year.
Summerslam 2009 is a wrestling pay-per-view event on August 23 at Staples Center in Los Angeles.
He is usually portrayed as being bald with long whiskers and is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
Some animals can change color quickly with chromatophores in their skin, like the cephalopod family, or seasonally like the ermine and snowshoe hare.
Val Venis defeated Rikishi and kept the WWF Intercontinental Championship when Tazz hit Rikishi with a TV camera.
The unix philosophy is for programs to do one thing well and collaborate through universal interfaces.
His mother, Larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale.
Mennonites are found in 51 countries on six continents, with large populations in Canada, the Democratic Republic of Congo, and the United States.
Many people live in Naas and work in Dublin.
Acanthopholis had oval plates in its skin and spikes on its neck and shoulders.
Origin Irmo was chartered on Christmas Eve in 1890 due to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad.
Bills proposed by the Law Commission and Consolidation Bills start in the House of Lords.
Vlad resided in the Hungarian capital with his new wife before his final release in 1474, while he was preparing to reconquer Wallachia.
You can add up to five words on the front cover and up to 25 words on the back cover of the modified version.
He is buried in the Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is a flexible tissue found inside bones.
Reflection nebulae are blue because blue light is scattered more efficiently than red light.
Monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse department of Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in southern France.
Macgruber begins to look for items to make something to defuse the bomb, but he is later distracted and runs out of time.
Yvonne Loriod finished the last movement's orchestration with help from George Benjamin after Messiaen died.
Shi'a Muslims consider Karbala to be a holy city.
The pad demanded the resignation of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat, who the pad thought were proxies for Thaksin.
Traveling through remote areas requires advance planning and a reliable four-wheel drive vehicle.
While at Kahn, he was the chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He excuses himself and leaves for rehearsal with Dr. Schön.
Britpop came from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s and was inspired by British pop music from the 1960s and 1970s.
The xi international brigade absorbed this into battalions.
Fewer people use the Sheppard line than the other two subway lines and the trains are shorter.
The stadium has a capacity of 98,772, making it the largest stadium in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world.
In December 1967, Israel honored Ten Boom as one of the righteous among the nations.
Some articles are long and full of information while others are much shorter and lower quality.
There are currently 95 accepted species.
Eugowra is named after an Indigenous Australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
People often use the words "undies" for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture" in English.
Jurisdiction relies on public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and government resources.
He wrote several pieces about Hiawatha, such as The Death of Minnehaha, Overture to the Song of Hiawatha, and Hiawatha's Departure.
The capital of the state is Aracaju.
Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade, despite this.
Vorkapich taught a style of film called Kinesthetic Film Principles, which was used to create Gumbasia.
MK Sun grew up to be a lawyer because Brandon Waise Lee was his idol.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is located near Cowra in the Central West of New South Wales, Australia.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian Army on 18 June 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China were digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
The pocket calculator replaced the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering.
The Kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display, better battery life, faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option, and it is thinner than before.
Yoghurt is made by fermenting milk.
Seventy-five defensemen have been inducted into the Hall of Fame, more than any other current position, while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
Alternative views on the subject were proposed throughout the centuries, but all were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
Many record stores banned the album.
The legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
In 2004, Suleman cut Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations due to his conversations about Sirius Satellite Radio.
In 2005, Wendy's opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's and their system-wide sales surpassed McDonald's Canadian operations in 2002.
Captain Caleb Holt, played by Kirk Cameron, is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia and follows the cardinal rule of all firemen: "Never leave your partner behind."
He won the 2008 presidential election with 71.25% of the popular vote.
The plant is a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky first thought of writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests were suppressed across the nation.
Offenbach's operettas, like Orpheus in the Underworld and La Belle Hélène, were popular in France and the English-speaking world in the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles with this symbol from the Tang Dynasty have been found near Xian.
Jeanne-Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue (February 13, 1921 - November 11, 1968).
The instrument was hard to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the oldest church still standing in Assisi.
Radar observations show that the characteristics are mostly iron-nickel.
Railway Gazette International is a business journal about the railway, metro, light rail, and tram industries worldwide.
In 1988, he was appointed Companion of Honour.
Loèche has an installation of Onyx, a Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a small cardboard folder containing matches and has a rough outside surface.
She objected to cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
She defiantly vowed to never leave the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
Graystripe's trilogy is a three-volume English-language manga series that follows Graystripe between his time taken by Twolegs and his return to ThunderClan.
Syrians did not live in urban enclaves, many of them worked as peddlers and had daily interactions with Americans.
He was known for his prints, book covers, posters, and metalwork furniture for gardens.
She experienced collapsed lungs twice, had pneumonia regularly, ruptured her appendix, and had a tonsillar cyst during childhood.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer of the Australian National University has argued that logging practices are not sustainable for conserving hollow-dependent species like Leadbeater's Possum, as the need for nest boxes indicates.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team from Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Integrated circuits can be used to make small value inductors.
Rathke first used the term 'gribble' for wood-boring species from Norway in 1799, such as Limnoria Lignorum.
Wounds caused by a club are called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
The county's administration was conducted at Duns or Lauder until Greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has done a quadruple axel in competition.
The port Jackson district commandant could use the telephone exchange to talk to all military bases on the harbour.
Even people who enter a mosque without the intention of praying must follow certain rules.
It is said to be pointy-faced and the size of a rabbit.
Computer performance is determined by how much work is done compared to the time and resources used.
The Volga has some of the largest reservoirs in the world.
The crosier represents the monasteries of the region.
Human skin can be very dark brown or very pale pink.
Bankers from ShoreBank in Chicago helped Yunus establish the bank with a grant from the Ford Foundation.
Bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial, but said the details were not decided.
The professional hockey writers' association votes for the all-star team at the end of the season.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan, Iran, Pakistan, and China.
Nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000 by Bomis, Inc., a web portal company.
The design has key-dependent s-boxes and a complicated key schedule.
Iain Grieve, born on February 19th, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana, plays rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Pont-Bellanger and Beaumesnil are nearby settlements.
Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig proposed the quark model in 1964.
In 1938-39, a fourth ring decorated with golden garlands was added when the column was relocated to its current location.
West Berlin had its own postal administration and issued its own stamps until 1990.
Sandro Botticelli painted the Primavera in 1482.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of New South Wales.
Epoxy is the most common polymer used, but other polymers like polyester, vinyl ester, and nylon are sometimes used.
The name of the magazine still exists as a brand for its digital television channel, radio station, and website.
At four-and-a-half years old, he was left alone and spent the next four years living in orphanages and roaming with other homeless children in northern Italy.
Stands were added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground modernized.
A town may be called a market town even if it no longer holds a market, if the right to do so still exists.
A bastion was built later on the eastern approaches.
On July 29, Olav Haraldsson lost to his pagan vassals and was killed in the Battle of Stiklestad in Norway.
The NKVD eliminated Tresca as punishment for criticizing the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union.
This caused Montenegro and Serbia to become independent countries.
Only use html and css markup with a good reason.
Schuschnigg said the reports of riots were false.
Addiscombe is in the London Borough of Croydon, England.
Constituent can mean the citizens who elected a politician.
Prunk is a member of the Institute of European History in Mainz and a Senior Fellow of the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Stallone had a cameo in the French film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
The crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm for the scene and filmed it while riding up Templin Highway near Santa Clarita.
Phelps et al published a book called "Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory" based on conference papers the next year.
The Wario Land series is a platforming series that started with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3, a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series.
Frédéric Chopin's Opus 57 is a piano solo called a berceuse.
The attacks may have been psychological instead of physical.
A historian said that quinine allowed colonists to move into the Gold Coast, Nigeria, and other parts of West Africa.
Spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, suggesting a stony surface composition.
She edited her husband's works for Breitkopf und Härtel.
Mercury looks like the moon with its craters and smooth plains, and it has no natural satellites or atmosphere.
The town is located in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zurich.
Chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull are able to find excellent habitat in these areas.
After the Sena Dynasty, Dhaka was ruled by Turkish and Afghan governors from the Delhi Sultanate before the Mughals arrived in 1608.
The prime minister stays in office as long as their support is kept in the lower house.
Harry shows bravery and selflessness by retrieving Cedric's corpse.
He and two other RAF members were arrested after a long shootout in Frankfurt on June 1, 1972.
They formed new music manchester, a group for contemporary music.
The powerful hurricane caused severe damage in the upper Florida Keys with a storm surge of 18-20 feet.
Meher Baba's tomb-shrine is now located at the site, with facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
The main church's dome has been restored.
In 2005, Meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in a competition.
Salem is a city in Massachusetts.
Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been recorded.
Saint Martin is a tropical island near Puerto Rico.
PDFs with images cannot be distributed without manipulation.
In April 1862, Ben was arrested by Police Inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger for joining an armed robbery with Frank Gardiner.
It rained heavily in parts of Britain on October 5, leading to flooding.
version 2009.1 has a USB installer that makes a live USB with a user's configuration and data if wanted.
The seats were distributed based on the parties' strength in the federal assembly, with the FDP getting 2, the CVP getting 2, the SP getting 2, and the SVP getting 1.
A fee is the price paid for services.
ohio state has twenty-one libraries on its columbus campus.
Scotland repulsed a Norse invasion and was able to negotiate a good peace settlement, while Iceland and Greenland accepted Norway's overlordship.
The singles from the album were "By The Way", "The Zephyr Song", "Can't Stop", "Dosed", and "Universally Speaking".
In April 2000, Minix was made free and open source, but other operating systems had become more advanced and it was mainly used by students and hobbyists.
The body color of the animal can be medium brown, golden, beige-white, and sometimes has dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
The Britannica was a Scottish enterprise, symbolized by the thistle logo, the floral emblem of Scotland.
The warning issued on September 22 was extended southward as Jose intensified, before being canceled after landfall on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune reported that US Marine pilots and their commanders had used Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the start of combat.
Later, intertitles provided audiences with information, and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like.
Assets in the underground economies of the third world can't be used as collateral to raise capital for industrial and commercial expansion.
He tried to escape from Sydney Cove multiple times before he was shot dead in 1796.
Ned and Dan went to the police camp and demanded they surrender.
The press thought the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance before the second game did not meet Veeck's standards.
Joss Whedon confirmed that "Fray is not done, Fray is coming back" in a short video promoting the charity Equality Now.
A mutant is a character from Marvel Comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
Medieval musical form Geisslerlieder was created from civil unrest in northern Italy and were sung by flagellants.
Some reports say that certain factors can cause paralysis and hallucinations.
His sentence was seven years of transportation to Australia.
Charles was searching for love when he first met Sebastian and found a metaphorical "low door in the wall" to an "enchanted garden".
Her friendship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was an important factor in her life.
The term "dorsal" refers to structures on the back side of an animal.
Berzelius coined the term "protein" after Mulder noticed that proteins had the same formula and were composed of a large molecule.
After the Jerilderie raid, the gang evaded capture for 16 months.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in France.
The color of the item ranges from orange to pale yellow.
In 1963, an extension was added to Union Station, curving north and then west to St. George and Bloor Streets.
Before 1980, part of the Commonwealth Railways Central Australian Line ran along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
Unalakleet is located on an old portage trail that leads through the mountains to the west.
People with cardiomyopathy can have arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death.
Mesoamerica's largest sub-region was vast and diverse, from the Sierra Madre mountains to the semi-arid plains of northern Yucatán.
Google released the comic early on Google Books and their website and mentioned it on their blog.
Anyone can register a pedigree with the college, but it must be audited and have official proofs before it can be changed.
The book Political Economy was published in 1985 but was not widely used in classrooms.
In 1990 and 1994, he toured with the IPO in the Soviet Union, China, and India.
Austrian General Mack surrendered his army to Napoleon's Grand Army at Ulm, giving Napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and causing 10,000 casualties.
Northern Nigeria's economy has been based around groundnut production and export for a long time.
Most South Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages.
meteora won the band many awards and honors.
The WWF cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho after a brief stand-off.
Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman wrote most of the songs.
Slavs moved into the area in the 5th century.
From 1900 to 1920, many new facilities were built on campus, such as buildings for dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a natural sciences building, Hill Auditorium, hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
Winchester is a city in Illinois, USA.
The name Arzashkun is the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka and formed from the proper name Arzash.
She was selected as one of 15 candidates out of 16,421 participants in the national casting to appear on the tv show.
Its episodes were broadcast on ABC from 1993 to 2005.
The device can be designed and used in less strict environments.
Gimnasia hired two famous Colombian trainers, Francisco Maturana and Julio César Falcioni, but neither had much success.
Brighton is in Washington County, Iowa, USA.
She appeared in music videos, such as "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
On June 24th, 1979, Glinde became a town on the 750th anniversary of the village.
Pauline returned in the 1994 remake of Donkey Kong and Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2 in 2006, but she is now referred to as "Mario's friend."
The vagina can stretch to many times its normal diameter during childbirth.
His birth date is believed to be between 1935 and 1939, but it has never been recorded.
The quantitative measure indicates how much of a substance is needed to inhibit a biological process by half.
The Bernese Alps span multiple cantons, even though they are named after the Bernese Oberland region of the Canton of Bern.
He had a daughter, Mary Ann Fisher Power, with Ann E. Power.
Edward Gorey mentioned in an interview that Bawden was one of his favorite artists and lamented that not many people remembered him.
The string can vibrate in different modes and each mode appears as a different particle.
Gable was nominated for an Academy Award when he played Fletcher Christian in the movie Mutiny on the Bounty in 1935.
