One of the armed conflicts is composed mainly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed, a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern Rizeigat region in Sudan.
Mecca is the holiest city in Islam, and Muslims are required to visit it at least once in their lifetime.
The great dark spot is thought to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune.
his next work is Saturday, which follows an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord and, attaching it to the ball, crawled away fast to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength.
He died six weeks later on 13 January 888.
They are similar to the coastal people of Papua New Guinea.
since 2000, the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been given the colin mears award, worth £ 5000.
Following the drummers are dancers. They often play the sogo, a tiny drum that makes almost no sound, and their choreography tends to be more elaborate—even acrobatic.
The spacecraft has two main parts: the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe.
Alessandro "Sandro" Mazzola was born on November 8th, 1942. He was an Italian football player.
It was thought that the debris thrown up from the collision filled in the smaller craters.
graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943. When he graduated in anthropology, he was
However, the bzö differs a bit in comparison to the freedom party, as it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty but against an EU-withdrawal.
many animal species had disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century, with European settlement.
in 1987, wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame.
dextromethorphan is in its pure form as a white powder.
Admission to Tsinghua University is very competitive.
Today, NRC is an independent, private foundation.
it is located on the coast of the Baltic Sea, enclosing the city of Stralsund.
He was also honored in 1982 with the "sportsman of the year" award by sports illustrated.
fives is a British sport believed to have originated from the same origins as many racquet sports.
King Bhumibol was born on Monday, so throughout Thailand on his birthday, there will be decorations in yellow.
The two names, both of which became defunct in 2007, were merged into the national museum of Scotland.
Nevertheless, Tagore emulated numerous styles, including craftwork from northern New Ireland, haida carvings from the west coast of Canada, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
on October 14, 1960, presidential candidate John F. Kennedy proposed the concept of what became the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She performed for President Reagan in 1988 in the Great Performances series, which aired on the public broadcasting service.
Perry Saturn defeated Eddie Guerrero with Chyna to win the WWF European Championship 8:10 Saturn pinned Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
She stayed in the United States until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France.
despina was discovered on July 25, 1989 from the images taken by the Voyager 2 probe.
The first Italian Grand Prix Motor Racing Championship took place on 4 September 1921 at Brescia.
he also wrote two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales.
at the Voyager 2 spacecraft, Ophelia appears as an elongated object, with the major axis pointing towards Uranus.
the british decided to eliminate him, taking the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in the south-east corner of western Australia don't follow official western Australian time.
In architectural decoration, small pieces of colorful and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays, which have been used to decorate walls, furniture, and boxes.
The other cities on the palos verdes peninsula are Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Clank fears that dirt will destroy the galaxy and asks Ratchet to help him find the famous superhero Captain Qwark, in an effort to stop it.
It is not actually a true louse.
He advocates for applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles, and also works towards popularizing interaction design as a mainstream discipline.
It is theoretically possible that the other editors who reported you, and the administrator who blocked you, are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they've never met in person.
working group i assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The island chain, part of the Hebrides, separates the Scottish mainland from the inner Hebrides and the stormy waters of the Minch, the Little Minch, and the Sea of the Hebrides.
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on July 12, 2008.
formal minor planet designations are numbered name combinations overseen by the minor planet center.
Wind shear began to dramatically increase on September 30th, and the weakening trend continued by early on September 30th.
each entry has a datum, a nugget of data which is a copy of the datum in some backing store.
As a result, although many mosques will not enforce violations, both men and women must adhere to these guidelines when attending a mosque.
Mariel of Redwall is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques, published in 1991.
Ryan Prosser was born on July 10th, 1988 in Bristol, England. He is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
The report, like its predecessors, consists of four reports. Three of them come from its working groups.
Their granddaughter, Hélène Langevin-Joliot, is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris, and their grandson, Pierre Joliot, is a noted biochemist.
this stamp was the standard letter stamp for the remainder of Victoria's reign, and vast quantities were printed.
The international fight league was an American MMA promotion billed as the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia is a flagellated protozoan that causes giardiasis.
aside from this , Cameron has also often worked on Christian-themed productions, such as the post-Rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War, in which he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
This area was east of the mouth of the Vistula River. It was later called "Prussia Proper."
after he graduated, he returned to yerevan to teach at the conservatory and later he was appointed the artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra.
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew and the gospel of luke.
Later, weelkes was to find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behavior.
so far, ' celebrity ' episodes have included celebrities such as Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, and Paul O'Grady.
it was found by Stephen P. Synnott in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5, 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter.
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
on June 16, 2009, the release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website.
he is also a member of another boyband, 183 club.
The apostolic tradition states that early Christians sang hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain at Christian agape feasts.
In return, Rollo swore fealty to Charles and converted to Christianity. He then undertook to defend the northern region of France against the incursions of other Viking groups.
It is called Voice of America .
disney received an Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones, presented to him by 10-year-old child actress Shirley Temple.
It was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft.
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.
it is still the bohemian switzerland in the Czech Republic.
This causes consumer confusion when 220,000,000 bytes is referenced as 1 megabyte instead of 1 mib.
the incident has been the focus of numerous reports on the ethics of scholarship.
They are castrated in order to make the animal more docile or to put on more weight more quickly.
seventh sons have certain "knacks" that are specific magical abilities, and seventh sons of seventh sons are both extraordinarily rare and powerful.
benchmarking conducted by passmark software found that the 2009 version had a 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7mb memory utilization.
volterra is a town in the Tuscany region of Italy.
Historically, the sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other until recently, where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain, but exhibits notable differences.
The tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous, which both lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites, which adhere to it.
The same tram derailed on 30 May 2006 at Starr Gate Loop during previous trials.
There are statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, both former Ipswich Town and England managers, outside the ground.
take the square root of the variance.
Volunteers provided food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France.
If there are no strong land use controls, buildings will be built along a bypass, turning it into an ordinary town road, and the bypass may eventually become congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid.
it is also a great place to start exploring Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises often cause pain, but they're not normally dangerous.
none of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, or anyone else connected with wikipedia, in any way whatsoever, can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages.
George Frideric Handel was also the Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover, who eventually became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small, and their visual acuity is poor.
They are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin.
Oregano is an important ingredient in greek cuisine.
Tickets can be sold for national rail services, the docklands light railway, and on the oyster card.
These works he produced and published himself, whilst his woodcuts were usually commissioned work.
The historical method is a set of techniques and guidelines by which historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and then write history.
The sheer weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of Lake Vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration.
As of 2000, the population was 89,148.
aliteracy is the ability to read but not care about it.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid that is used as a pharmaceutical.
after eating, it will sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
furthermore, research shows that children are less likely to report a crime if it happens to someone they know, trust, and/or care about.
today, Landis' father has become a staunch supporter of his son, and regards himself as one of Floyd's biggest fans.
shortly after attaining category 4 status, the outer convection of the hurricane began to become ragged.
The equilibrium wage for a certain type of labor is the price.
They were convinced that the grounds were haunted, so they decided to publish their findings in a book as an adventure in 1911, under the pseudonym of elizabeth morison and frances lamont.
He settled in London, devoting himself chiefly to teaching practical matters.
brunstad has a fast food restaurant, cafeteria-style restaurant, coffee bar, and its own grocery store.
He left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region.
In 1438, trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia. This is where its history merges first with that of the states of the church, then 1860 with the united kingdom of italy.
The depression moved inland on the 20th. It then dissipated on the 21st over Brazil, where it caused heavy rains and flooding.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in New York City that existed from 1952 to 1995.
the current lineup of the band is flynn vocals, guitar, duce bass, phil demmel guitar, and dave mcclain drums.
Countries with a minority muslim population are more likely to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation than countries with a majority muslim population.
the characters are similar to their earlier characters pete and dud in their foul-mouthed behavior.
johan also played bass for the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but quit before the band ever recorded a studio album.
in 1998, culver ran for iowa secretary of state and won.
in 1990, mark messier took the Hart over Ray Bourque by a margin of two votes - the difference being a single first-place vote.
shade begins the main plot of the novel in motion when he impulsively disobeys that law, and unintentionally initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony's home, forcing their premature migration, and his separation from them.
the female equivalent is a daughter.
He was diagnosed with inoperable cancer in April 1999.
Prior to the arrival of the storm, the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the Outer Banks.
Speed chess is the form of chess played in which each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game.
The Amazon Basin is the part of south America drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
the two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 Gwangju massacre.
Extensive damage occurred up the Atlantic coastline and as far inland as West Virginia.
Because the owner is often unaware, these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies.
The wave traveled across the Atlantic, and formed into a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
for example, the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated annually.
the four canonical texts are the gospel of Matthew, gospel of Mark, gospel of Luke, and gospel of John, which were probably written between AD 65-100.
eschelbronn is well-known for its furniture manufacturing industry since the end of the 19th century.
The upper half of the flag also resembles the coat of arms of the former district of Oberbarnim.
Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane. Unlike the clouds on Earth, which are made up of crystals of ice.
their participation is currently limited until they reach a legal age of consent.
Development releases are rare, but there are often subversion snapshots that are stable enough to use.
finally, in 1482, the order dispatched him to Florence, the "city of his destiny".
During the Soviet years, the Bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov's principal landmarks - St Alexander Nevsky Cathedral in 1908 and St George Cathedral in Nakhichevan in 1783-1807.
He died on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
This was demonstrated in the miller-urey experiment by Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey in 1953.
cogeneration is the use of a heat engine or a power station to simultaneously generate both electricity and useful heat.
Occasionally, the male " den master " will also allow a second male into the den; the reason for this is unclear.
A wikipedia gadget is a javascript or css snippet that can be enabled simply by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences.
These are some helpful links to get started.
He served as the prime minister of Egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again between 1946 and 1948.
She was left behind with no explanations for this. Some say it was because the rest of the Nicoleños were moved to the mainland, while others say it was because she was sick.
James I appointed him a Gentleman of the Chapel Royal, where he served as an organist from at least 1615 until his death.
chauvin initially indicated that he may not accept his award.
Later, esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as an end in themselves, even if esperanto is never adopted by the united nations or other international organizations.
The dry air around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on September 12.
calvin baker is an American novelist.
Eva Braun, died Eva Anna Paula Hitler on 6 February 1912. She was the longtime companion and, for a brief time, wife of Adolf Hitler.
each version of the license has a different version number.
most IRC servers don't require users to register an account, but a user will have to set a nickname before being connected.
In that same year, he also received a mechanics certificate, becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
Summerslam 2009 will be a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment, which will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
He is usually portrayed as being bald, with long whiskers. He is also said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
a few animals have chromatic response, which means they change color in different environments, either seasonally or more rapidly with chromatophores in their integument- the cephalopod family.
val venis retained the wwf intercontinental championship by defeating rikishi in a steel cage match at 14:10. Venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a television camera.
This philosophy closely resembles the unix philosophy of having multiple programs that do one task well and work together over universal interfaces.
He is from a musical family; his mother, Larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale.
The largest populations of mennonites are in Canada, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and the United States, but mennonites can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents.
naas is a major Dublin suburb. Many people there live and work in Dublin.
acanthopholis' armour consisted of oval plates that were set almost horizontally into the skin, with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area, down the spine.
origin-irmo was founded on Christmas Eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry, and Laurens Railroad.
Conversely, bills proposed by the law commission, and consolidation bills, start in the house of lords.
In the years leading up to his final release in 1474, Vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital.
You are allowed to add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text, and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text, to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version.
He is buried in the restvale cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
bone marrow is the soft tissue found inside bones.
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red. This is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets.
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse department in southern France, in the area Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur.
macgruber starts asking for simple objects to disarm the bomb, but he is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life that makes him run out of time.
this was substantially complete when Messiaen died, and Yvonne Loriod undertook the final movement's orchestration with advice from George Benjamin.
Shi'ites regard Karbala as one of their holiest cities.
The pad called for the resignation of the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat.
However, travel through very remote areas requires advance planning and a suitable, reliable vehicle - usually a four wheel drive.
while at Kahn, he was the chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal, and he and Dr. Schön leave.
britpop is a subgenre of British independent music that emerged from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s. It was characterized by bands influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
This unit was absorbed into battalions being formed for the Xi International Brigade.
The sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines. And the trains are shorter.
It has a capacity of 98,772 people, making it the largest stadium in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world.
In December 1967, ten Boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of Israel.
Some articles are lengthy and full of content while others are shorter and possibly stubs.
There are about 95 species of animals currently accepted.
Eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous Australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill ".
terms such as "underwear" and "movie" are often-heard terms in English.
jurisdiction comes from public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the power of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to the best benefit of its native society.
He followed this with several other pieces about Hiawatha. The most notable of which is The Death of Minnehaha, Overture to the Song of Hiawatha, and Hiawatha's Departure.
the capital of the state is Aracaju.
Despite this, farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
gumbasia was created in the style of Vorkapich taught called Kinesthetic Film Principles.
the lawyer brandon waise lee became his idol and mk sun grew up to be a lawyer.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near cowra in the central west of New South Wales, Australia.
Donald John Trump enlisted in the Australian army on 18 June 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China were also digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
Before the advent of the pocket calculator, it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering.
the Kindle 2 features a 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, 20 percent faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud, and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches.
yoghurt is a dairy product that is produced by bacterial fermentation of milk.
Seventy-five defensemen have been inducted into the Hall of Fame, more than any other position.
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries, but all were rejected by mainstream christian bodies.
the album, however, was banned from many record stores nationwide.
The legs are wide at the top. They then get narrower as they go down.
in late 2004, suleman made headlines by canceling howard stern's radio show from four citadel stations.
The company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's " Wendy's Confirms Tim Hortons IPO by March " , Ottawa Business Journal, December 1, 2005, and system-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002.
plot captain Caleb Holt, Kirk Cameron, and is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia. He keeps the cardinal rule of all firemen, "never leave your partner behind."
He won the presidential election on 2 March 2008 with 71.25% of the popular vote.
The plant is considered a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky first thought of writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests were suppressed across the nation.
Offenbach's numerous operettas, such as Orpheus in the Underworld or La Belle Hélène, were extremely popular in both France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles with this symbol were found west of the ancient city of Chang'an and modern-day Xi'an.
Jeanne Marie Madeleine Demessieux was born on February 13, 1921, and died on November 11, 1968.
In most accounts, the instrument was nearly impossible to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the earliest extant church in Assisi.
The observations made by radar indicate that the composition of the object is fairly pure iron-nickel.
railway gazette international is a monthly journal that covers the railway, metro, light rail, and tram industries worldwide.
He was appointed companion of honour in 1988.
loèche is where the installations of onyx are located. This Swiss interception system is used for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a small cardboard folder that contains matches and has a coarse striking surface on the outside.
She was one of the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking and drug use around children, and was also one of the first doctors to do so.
She defiantly vowed to never surrender the commune, and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
Graystripe 's trilogy has a three volume original English-language manga series following him, between the time he was taken by twolegs in the dawn until he returned to Thunderclan in the sight .
samovar & porter 1994, p. 84; Syrians did not congregate in urban enclaves; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis.
He was also well-known for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
during her childhood, she had collapsed lungs twice, she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year, and had a tonsillar cyst.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer from the Australian National University has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable, for conserving hollow-dependent species like Leadbeater's possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits, using the same processes that are used to make transistors.
The term gribble was first assigned to the wood-boring species, especially the first species described from Norway by Rathke in 1799, Limnoria lignorum.
Bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries inflicted by a club are generally known as wounds.
thereafter, the county's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has ever accomplished a quadruple axel in competition.
From the telephone exchange, the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbor.
Even if someone enters a mosque without the intention of praying, there are still rules that apply.
It is described as pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit.
computer performance is measured by how much work is done in comparison to how much time and resources are used.
Some of the largest reservoirs in the world are located along the volga.
The crosier represents the monasteries of the region.
human skin can have a wide range of colors, from very dark brown to very pale pink.
Shorebank bankers assisted Yunus with the official incorporation of the bank. This was done through a grant from the Ford Foundation.
bremer reported plans to put saddam on trial, but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined.
Professional hockey writers vote for the all-star team at the end of the regular season.
tajikistan, turkmenistan, and uzbekistan border Afghanistan to the north, Iran to the west, Pakistan to the south, and China to the east.
nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000, under the ownership of bomis, Inc., a web portal company.
notable features of the design include a key-dependent s-box and a highly complex key schedule.
iain grieve was born on February 19th, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana. He currently plays for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil.
the quark model was first proposed by physicists Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig in 1964.
the fourth ring was added in 1938 when the column was moved to its present location.
west berlin had its own postal service, separate from west germany's, which issued its own postage stamps until 1990.
The primavera is a painting by the Italian Renaissance painter, Sandro Botticelli, circa 1482.
Sydney is new south wales 's largest city and capital.
the polymer is most often epoxy, but other polymers, such as polyester, vinyl ester, or nylon, are also sometimes used.
the name of the magazine survives as a brand for related digital media, including a digital television channel, digital radio station, and website.
at four-and-a-half years old he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years, living in various orphanages and roaming through towns with groups of other homeless children.
stands were eventually added to each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernized.
A town may be accurately described as a market town. Even if it no longer has a market, it still has the right to hold one.
a bastion was built on the eastern approaches later .
events in Europe on July 29 — the Battle of Stiklestad: King Olav Haraldsson is defeated by his pagan vassals and is killed in the fight.
others have claimed that tresca was eliminated by the NKVD as retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union.
This led to both Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries.
use html and css markup sparingly if at all.
schuschnigg responded that reports of riots were false .
addiscombe is an suburb located in the London borough of Croydon, England.
Depending on the context, another closely-related meaning of constituent is that of a citizen residing in the area governed, represented, or otherwise served by a politician.
prunk is a member of the institute of European history in Mainz, and a senior fellow of the center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Stallone had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
Instead, the crew fashioned a trailer with a cantilevered arm that was attached to the "hovercraft" and shot the scene while riding up templin highway north of santa clarita.
The conference papers were published the next year in a book. It was written by Phelps, et al.
Wario Land is a platforming series that started with Wario Land : Super Mario Land 3, a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series.
Frédéric Chopin 's opus 57 is a piece for solo piano.
These attacks may have been psychological in origin.
A historian has said that " it was quinine 's effectiveness that gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , Nigeria, and other parts of West Africa ".
furthermore, spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, which indicate rather a stony surface composition.
she became the editor of her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel.
mercury is similar in appearance to the moon. It is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains, has no natural satellites, and no substantial atmosphere.
The town of geography lies in the limmat valley between Baden and Zurich.
These habitats are ideal for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull.
After the sena dynasty, Dhaka was successively ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors descending from the Delhi Sultanate before the arrival of the Mughals in 1608.
The prime minister can only stay in office as long as they have the support of the lower house.
For Rowling, this scene is important because it shows Harry's bravery, and by retrieving Cedric's corpse, he demonstrates selflessness and compassion.
on June 1, 1972, he and fellow raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in Frankfurt.
together, they created new music manchester, a group committed to contemporary music.
The intense and compact hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys, as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region.
Now it is the site of meher baba's samadhi tomb-shrine.
The collapsed dome of the main church has been restored entirely.
In 2005, meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition.
Salem is a city in Essex County, Massachusetts, in the United States.
Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been documented.
Saint Martin is an island in the northeast Caribbean Sea, approximately 300 kilometers northeast of Puerto Rico.
Therefore, these PDFs cannot be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images.
in April of 1862, Ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger for participating in an armed robbery while in the company of Frank Gardiner.
Heavy rain fell across portions of England on October 5, causing localized accumulation of flood waters.
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb. If desired, the user's configuration and personal data can be saved.
In relation to the parties' respective strengths in the federal assembly, the seats were distributed as follows: free democratic party: 2 members, christian democratic people's party: 2 members, social democratic party: 2 members, and swiss people's party: 1 member.
A fee is the amount of money one pays for services, such as a doctor's fee, lawyer's fee, consultant's fee, or other fee paid to a learned profession.
Ohio State's library system encompasses twenty-one libraries located on its Columbus campus.
In other news, both Iceland and Greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway, but Scotland was able to repulse a Norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement.
the singles from the album included " by the way ," " the zephyr song ," " ca n't stop ," " dosed ," and " universally speaking ."
In April 2000, Minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence. However, by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities, and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists.
The body color of the spider can vary from a medium brown to a golden-ish color to a beige-white color; and sometimes, it has dark brown spots, especially on its limbs.
The britannica was mainly Scottish, as symbolized by its thistle logo.
After the warning was issued on September 22, the area it covered was extended southwards as Hurricane Jose intensified. It was canceled soon after landfall on September 23.
in August 2003, the san diego union tribune alleged that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat.
The later provided audiences with the sort of information that was later provided by intertitles, and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like.
That is because real estate, businesses, and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can't be used as collateral for financing industrial and commercial expansion.
He ran away from Sydney Cove several times before being shot dead in 1796.
ned and dan ordered the police to surrender.
before the second game began, the press agreed that the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance hadn't been up to veeck's usual promotional standard.
Joss Whedon, in a short video promoting the charity Equality Now, confirmed that "fray is not done, fray is coming back."
A mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The sat reasoning test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
Civil unrest in northern Italy led to the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder, penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants.
Reports say that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations.
His sentence was to be transported to Australia for seven years.
Waugh says that Charles had been " in search of love in those days " when he first met Sebastian, finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " . This metaphor informs the work on a number of levels.
Her infamous friendship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was also important in her life.
The term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are situated on or near the side of an animal.
The term "protein" was coined by Berzelius after Mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of very large molecule.
After the Jerilderie raid, the gang lay low for 16 months avoiding capture.
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the lower Normandy region of northwestern France.
color can range from orange to pale yellow.
in 1963, an extension was added, curving north from union station, below university avenue and queen's park to near bloor street, where it turned west to terminate at st. george and bloor streets.
Before 1980, a section of the commonwealth railways central Australian line passed along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
it is located on an old portage trail which led west to unalakleet.
people who have cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both.
Mesoamerica is the largest sub-region in Central America. It encompassed a vast and varied landscape, from the mountainous regions of the Sierra Madre to the semi-arid plains of Northern Yucatán.
google later made the comic available on their site and mentioned it on their official blog.
Anyone may register a pedigree with the college. After being carefully audited, these pedigrees require official proofs before being altered.
the book, "political economy" was published in 1985 but had limited classroom adoption.
He toured with the IPO in the spring of 1990 for their first-ever performance in the Soviet Union, with concerts in Moscow and Leningrad, and toured with the IPO again in 1994, performing in China and India.
The Napoleonic Wars were a series of wars fought by France from 1792 to 1815.
it is the economic center of northern Nigeria, and is also known for the production and export of groundnuts
A majority of south Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages: Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu, and Tulu.
meteora received multiple awards and honors.
After a brief standoff, the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho.
most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman.
in the 5th century, Slavs started to move into the area.
From 1900 to 1920, many new facilities were constructed on campus, including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, hill auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
Winchester is a city in Scott County, Illinois, United States.
name arzashkun seems to be the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka, formed from a proper name arzash, which recalls the name arsene, arsissa, applied by the ancients to part of Lake Van.
out of the 16,421 participants in the national casting, she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show.
its episodes were aired on the abc network from its debut on September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
the latter device can then be designed and used in less stringent environments.
gimnasia hired Francisco Maturana and Julio César Falcioni, but both had limited success.
Brighton is a city located in Washington County, Iowa, in the United States.
furthermore, she has appeared in several music videos, including "it girl" by John Oates and "just lose it" by Eminem.
On June 24, 1979, the 750th anniversary of the village of Glinde, it received its town charter.
pauline reprised her role in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 . She also appeared in Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2 : March of the Minis in 2006 . However, she is now described as " mario 's friend ".
The vagina stretches to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth.
his true date of birth is unknown, but it is believed to be between 1935 and 1939.
This quantitative measure indicates how much of a drug or other substance it takes to inhibit a given biological process or component by half.
Although the name suggests that they are located in the Bernese Oberland region of the canton of Bern, portions of the Bernese Alps are in the adjacent cantons of Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg and Vaud.
he had one daughter with ann e  power .
during an interview, Edward Gorey mentioned that Bawden was one of his favorite artists, lamenting the fact that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist.
The string can vibrate in different modes, and every mode appears as a different particle: electron, photon, gluon, etc.
gable also received an academy award nomination when he portrayed Fletcher Christian in 1935's Mutiny on the Bounty.
