one side of the armed conflicts is composed mainly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed, a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan.
Mecca is Islam's holiest city. Muslims are required to visit it at least once in their lifetime.
The great dark spot on Neptune is thought to represent a hole in the methane cloud deck.
His next work, Saturday, follows an eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord and, attaching it to the ball, crawled away fast to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength.
He died six weeks later on January 888.
The Melanesian people are culturally similar to the coastal people of Papua New Guinea.
The recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal has also been presented with the Colin Mears Award to the value of £5000 since 2000.
The dancers follow the drummers and they often play the sogo, a tiny drum that makes almost no sound, and their choreography is more elaborate and even acrobatic.
The spacecraft has two main parts: the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe.
Alessandro "Sandro" Mazzola was an Italian former football player born on November 8, 1942.
The debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters.
Graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943. He graduated with a B.A. in anthropology.
However, the BZö differs a bit from the Freedom Party, which is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty, but against an EU withdrawal.
Many species had vanished by the end of the nineteenth century as European settlement progressed.
in 1987, Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
Dextromethorphan is a white powder in its pure form.
Admission to Tsinghua University is very competitive.
Today, NRC is an independent, private foundation.
It is located at the coast of the Baltic Sea, and surrounds the city of Stralsund.
He was also named 1982 "Sportsman of the Year" by Sports Illustrated.
fives is a sport that originated in the UK and is believed to be related to many racquet sports.
For example, King Bhumibol was born on Monday, so throughout Thailand, on his birthday, everything will be decorated in yellow.
The two names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the National Museum of Scotland.
Notwithstanding, Tagore emulated numerous styles including craftwork from Northern Ireland, carvings from the West Coast of Canada, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
John F. Kennedy proposed the idea of the Peace Corps on the steps of the Michigan Union on October 14th, 1960.
She performed for President Reagan in 1988.
Perry Saturn defeated Eddie Guerrero with Chyna to win the WWF European Championship 8:10 Saturn pinned Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
She stayed in the United States until 1927, when she and her husband returned to France.
despina was discovered in late July, 1989 from the images taken by the Voyager 2 probe.
The first Italian Grand Prix Motor Racing Championship took place on September 4th, 1921 at Brescia.
He also completed two collections of short stories entitled the Ribbajack and Other Curious Yarns and Seven Strange and Ghostly Tales.
Ophelia, in the Voyager 2 images, appears as an elongated object, the major axis pointing towards Uranus.
The British decided to eliminate him and take the land by force.
Some towns in the Eyre Highway in the south-east corner of Western Australia don't follow Western Australian time.
Small pieces of colorful and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays in architectural decoration.
The other incorporated cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula are Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Clank fears that the evil substance, drek, will destroy the galaxy, so he asks Ratchet to help him find the famous superhero, Captain Qwark, in an effort to stop drek.
It's not actually a louse.
He advocates applying a user-centered design process throughout product development cycles and also promotes interaction design as a mainstream discipline.
It's theoretically possible that other editors who reported you, and the administrator who blocked you, are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they've never met in person.
The working group assesses the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The island chain is part of the hebrides, which are separated from the Scottish mainland and the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the Minch, the Little Minch, and the Sea of the Hebrides.
On July 12, 2008, Orton and his wife welcomed Alanna Marie Orton.
Minor planet designations are combinations of numbers and names overseen by the Minor Planet Center.
Wind shear started to increase early on September 30th, and a weakening trend began soon afterwards.
Each entry has a datum, a nugget of data which is a copy of the datum in some backing store.
As a result, many mosques won't enforce violations, but both men and women must adhere to these guidelines when attending a mosque.
Mariel of Redwall is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques, published in 1991.
Ryan Prosser was born on July 10th, 1988 and is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
The report is made up of four reports from its working groups.
Their granddaughter, Hélène Langevin-Joliot, is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris. Their grandson, Pierre Joliot, is a noted biochemist.
The stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the rest of Victoria's reign, and vast quantities were printed.
The international fight league was an American MMA promotion billed as the world's first MMA league.
Giardia is a parasite that causes giardiasis.
aside from this, Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions, including the post-rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War, in which he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
East of the mouth of the Vistula River was this area (later sometimes called "Prussia Proper").
After graduating from California University, he returned to Armenia to teach at the local Conservatory and later he was appointed Artistic Director of the Armenian Philharmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of Matthew and gospel of Luke.
Later on, Weelkes would find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behavior.
So far, the ' celebrity' episodes have included Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gabby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady, and Lee Ryan.
It was discovered by Stephen P. Synnott in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5, 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter.
Gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
On 16 June 2009, the official release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website.
He is a member of another boyband, 183 Club.
The apostolic tradition, attributed to the theologian Hippolytus, says that early Christians sang hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain at Christian agape feasts.
Rollo swore allegiance to Charles in return for his protection, and converted to Christianity in order to undertake this duty.
The name "VOA" is derived from the voice of America, VoA: Special English.
Disney received a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones. Shirley Temple presented it to him.
It was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft.
hinterrhein is a district in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.
Bohemian Switzerland continues to be the bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
When people reference 1 mb as 1 megabyte, this leads to consumer confusion.
The incident has been the subject of numerous reports on the ethics of scholarship.
They are castrated so that the animal will be more docile or may put on weight more quickly.
Seventh sons have special magical abilities, and seventh sons of seventh sons are very rare and powerful.
The 2009 version of the benchmarking software had a 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 mb memory utilization.
Volterra is a town in Tuscany, Italy.
Historically, the sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other until recently. It was found that itch has several features in common with pain, but exhibits notable differences.
The tongue is sticky because of the mucous that is present, which helps to catch ants and termites.
The same tram had derailed on 30 May 2006 at Starr Gate Loop during trials.
statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, both former Ipswich Town and England managers, are outside the ground.
Take the square root of the variance.
Volunteers provided food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France.
If there are no strong land use controls, buildings are built along a bypass that turns into an ordinary town road and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid.
It is a starting point for people wanting to explore Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atkinson Tableland.
Bruises often cause pain, but they're not usually dangerous.
None of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, vandals, or anyone else connected with Wikipedia can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages.
George Frideric Handel also served as Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover who eventually became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small and their visual acuity is poor.
They are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin.
Oregano is an essential ingredient in Greek cuisine.
Ticket prices for national rail services, the docklands light railway, and on oyster card can all be retailed.
These are the works that he produced and published himself, while most of his woodcuts were commissioned work.
The historical method is the techniques and guidelines historians use to research and then write history.
The weight of the continental icecap is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration in Lake Vostok.
As of 2000, the population was 89,148.
Aliteracy is the state of being able to read but not being interested in doing so.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as a pharmaceutical.
The fish will eat the food, then it will dislodge itself and sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
Furthermore, research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, and care about.
Today, Landis' father has become a staunch supporter of his son and regards himself as one of Floyd's biggest fans.
Shortly after attaining category 4 status, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
The equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage that workers are willing to accept.
The ghost convinced the scientists that the grounds were haunted, so they decided to publish their findings in a book and make an adventure movie in 1911 under the pseudonyms of Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He settled in London and started teaching practical skills.
brunstad has a few fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, coffee bar, and its own grocery store.
He left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region.
In 1438, Trevi passed under the temporal rule of the Church as part of the legation of Perugia. Since then, its history has merged first with that of the states of the Church, then with the United Kingdom of Italy in 1860.
The depression moved inland on the 20th, and dissipated the next day over Brazil. It caused heavy rains and flooding.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in New York City that existed from 1952 to 1995.
The current lineup of the band is flynn vocals, guitar, duce bass, phil demmel guitar, and dave mcclain drums.
Countries with a minority muslim population are more likely to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation than countries with a majority muslim population.
The characters are the same foul-mouthed extensions of their earlier characters Pete and Dud.
Johan was also the original bassist of the Swedish power metal band Hammerfall, but quit before the band ever released a studio album.
Culver ran for Iowa Secretary of State in 1998 and won.
In 1990, Mark Messier took the Hart over Ray Bourque by a margin of two votes. The difference being a single first-place vote.
Shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he defies a law and initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony's home. This causes him to have to migrate prematurely and separates him from them.
A daughter is the female counterpart.
He was diagnosed with inoperable cancer in April of 1999.
The National Park Service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the Outer Banks before the arrival of the storm.
Speed chess is the form of chess played where each competitor has a total of twelve minutes.
The Amazon basin is the part of South America drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre.
The hurricane caused extensive damage up the Atlantic Coast and as far inland as West Virginia.
because the owner is often unaware, these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies.
The wave traveled across the Atlantic Ocean, and formed a tropical depression off the coast of Haiti on September 13th.
For example, the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated annually.
The four canonical Gospels are the Gospel of Matthew, the Gospel of Mark, the Gospel of Luke, and the Gospel of John.
Since the end of the 19th century, eschelbronn is well known for its furniture manufacturing industry.
The upper half of the flag also resembles the coat of arms of the former district of Oberbarnim.
Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane.
Their participation is limited until they reach the legal age of adulthood.
Stable releases are rare, but there are often snapshots which are stable.
In 1482, the order dispatched him to Florence, the 'city of his destiny'.
Two of Rostov's principal landmarks - St. Alexander Nevsky Cathedral in 1908 and St. George Cathedral in 1783-1807 - were demolished during the Soviet years.
He died on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
The miller-urey experiment was conducted by Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey in 1953.
cogeneration is the use of a heat engine or a power station to generate both electricity and useful heat.
Occasionally, a male " den master " will allow another male into the den. The reason for this is unknown.
A wikipedia gadget is a javascript and/or css snippet that can be enabled by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences.
Here are some useful links to get you started.
Gamal Abdel Nasser served as the Prime Minister of Egypt between 1945 and 1948.
Nicoleños were left behind when the rest of the group was moved to the mainland. There are various explanations for this.
James I appointed James I a Gentleman of the Chapel Royal in 1615. He served as an organist until his death.
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially refused to accept it.
After a period of time, Esperanto speakers began to see the language and culture as ends in themselves, even if Esperanto wasn't adopted by the United Nations or other international organizations.
The dry air around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Braun, born Eva Anna Paula Braun on 6 Feb 1912, died 30 Apr 1945, was the longtime companion of Adolf Hitler.
Each version of the license has a different version number.
Most IRC servers don't require users to register an account, but a user will have to set a nickname before being connected.
In that same year, he also received a mechanics certificate. He became the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
Summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event that will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
He is usually bald with long whiskers and is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
Some animals have a chromatic response, which means they change color depending on their environment. The cephalopod family has chromatophores in their integument, which makes them change color very quickly.
Venis retained the WWF Intercontinental Championship by defeating Rikishi in a steel cage match at 14:10 and after Tazz hit Rikishi with a TV Camera.
The Unix philosophy is to have multiple programs that do one job well and work together over a universal interface.
He is from a musical family; his mother, Larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale.
According to Ethnologue, the largest populations of Menonites are found in Canada, the Democratic Republic of Congo, and the United States, but Menonites can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents.
naas is a major city in Dublin, Ireland and many people live there and work in Dublin.
Acanthopholis's armor consisted of oval plates that were set almost horizontally into the skin, with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area, along the spine.
The company, origin-immo, was chartered on Christmas Eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad.
Bills that start in the House of Lords are conversely bills that propose by the Law Commission and consolidation bills.
In the years leading up to his final release in 1474, Vlad lived with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital.
You can add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version.
He is buried in the restvale cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is the flexible tissue found in the hollow interior of bones.
Blue reflection nebulae are usually because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red. This is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets.
Monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse department in southern France. It is located in the area known as Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur.
Macgruber starts asking for simple objects to make something to defuse the bomb, but he gets sidetracked and runs out of time.
This was substantially complete when Maurice Messiaen died, and Yvonne Loriod undertook the final movement's orchestration with advice from George Benjamin.
Shi'ites, Muslims who follow the sect of Shi'ism, consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities.
The Pad called for the resignation of the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat because they were allegedly proxies for Thaksin.
In order to travel through very remote areas, you need to plan ahead and have a reliable vehicle, usually a four wheel drive.
Kahn was the Chief Architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He excuses himself and Dr. Schön leaves for rehearsal.
Britpop emerged from the British independent music scene in the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by British guitar pop music from the 1960s and 1970s.
This was absorbed into battalions being formed for the Xi international brigade.
The sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines and shorter trains are run.
It has a capacity of 98,772, making it the eleventh largest stadium in the world.
In December of 1967, ten Boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of Israel.
Some articles are long and in-depth while others are shorter and may be less quality.
95 species are currently accepted by taxonomists.
Eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
Terms such as "underwear" and "movie" are often heard in English.
Jurisdiction is based on public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government.
He followed this with several other pieces about Hiawatha.
The capital of the state is Aracaju.
Despite this, Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
gumbasia was created in a kinesthetic style taught by Vorkapich called film principles.
Brandon Lee became Lee Waise's idol, and MK Sun grew up to be a lawyer.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near Cowra in the Central West of New South Wales, Australia in Cabonne Shire.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian Army on June 18, 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China were also digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
Prior to the advent of the pocket calculator, science and engineering calculations were done with a pen and paper.
The Kindle 2 features a 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, 20 percent faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud, and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches.
Yogurt is a dairy product that's produced by bacterial fermentation of milk.
Seventy-five defensemen are in the Hall of Fame, more than any other position. Goaltenders have been inducted at a lower rate.
Alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries, but all were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
The album wasn't allowed to be sold in many stores nationwide.
The legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
In 2004, Suleman made headlines by cutting Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations. Stern was often discussing his upcoming move to Sirius Satellite Radio.
The company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's did when they did their "Wendy's Confirms Tim Hortons IPO by March" article, Ottawa Business Journal, December 1, 2005. System-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002.
Caleb Holt, Kirk Cameron, and is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia, and follows the cardinal rule of all firefighters: "Never leave your partner behind."
He won the presidential election in 2008 with 71.25% of the popular vote.
The plant is considered to be a living fossil.
She was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia in 1990.
Orchestration Stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests were suppressed all over the nation.
Operettas by Franz von Offenbach were very popular in both France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles with this symbol were found west of the ancient city of Chang'an and modern-day Xian.
Jeanne Marie Madeleine de Mésseux was born on February 13, 1921 and died on November 11, 1968.
The instrument was difficult to control by most accounts.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the earliest extant church in Assisi.
The composition of the iron-nickel is fairly pure.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly business journal that covers the railway, metro, light rail, and tram industries worldwide.
He was appointed Companion of Honour in 1988.
loèche is a place where onyx installations are kept.
A matchbook is a small, cardboard folder containing matches and a coarse striking surface on the outside.
She was one of the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
She defiantly vowed never to renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
There is a three volume manga series following graystripe between the time he was taken by twolegs in dawn and he returned to thunderclan in the sight.
Syrians didn't live in urban enclaves and interacted with Americans on a daily basis.
He was also famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
She had a lot of health problems as a child. She had collapsed lungs twice, had pneumonia 4-5 times a year, and had a tonsillar cyst.
Australian National University's Dr. David Lindenmeyer has argued that logging practices aren't ecologically sustainable and leadbeater's possum is a species that depends on hollow trees for shelter.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Integrated circuits can also be built on small value inductors using the same processes that are used to make transistors.
The term gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species, especially the first species described from Norway by Rathke in 1799.
Wounds inflicted by a club are generally called blunt force trauma injuries.
After that, the county administration was conducted at Duns or Lauder until Greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has yet accomplished a quadruple axel in a competition.
The port Jackson commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbor from the telephone exchange.
Even if someone doesn't intend to pray, they still have to follow the rules in a mosque.
It is described as being pointed in the face and the size of a rabbit.
The performance of a computer system is measured by how much work it can do in comparison to how long and resources it used.
Some of the largest reservoirs can be found along the Volga.
The crosier is a symbol for the monasteries in the region.
Human skin comes in many different colors, including very dark brown and very pale pink.
Shorebank bankers helped Yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the Ford Foundation.
Bremer was reported to have plans to put Saddam on trial, but claimed that the details of such a trial hadn't yet been determined.
The all-star team is voted on by representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, and Afghanistan all border one another. China is to the east.
nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000, by Bomis, Inc.
The notable features of the design are the key-dependent s-boxes and a highly complex key schedule.
iain grieve was born on February 19, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana. He is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil.
The quark model was proposed by physicists Murray Gell-mann and George Zweig in 1964.
The fourth ring was added in 1938 when the column was moved to its present location.
west Berlin had its own postal administration which issued it's own postage stamps until 1990.
The primavera is a painting by the Italian Renaissance painter, Sandro Botticelli, circa 1482.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of New South Wales.
Polymers are used in the polymer.
The name of the brand survived as a website, digital radio station, and digital TV channel.
He was left on the streets of northern Italy at four-and-a-half years old and for the next four years he lived in various orphanages and roamed through towns with groups of other homeless children.
The stands were eventually added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernised.
A town that no longer has a market is still referred to as a market town.
A bastion was built later on the eastern approaches.
On July 29, events took place in Europe involving Norway. Olav Haraldsson lost to his pagan vassals and was killed in the battle.
Others have theorized that the tresca was eliminated by the NKVD as retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union.
This led to both Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries.
Use html and css markup sparingly if at all.
Schuschnigg responded to the false reports of riots immediately.
Addiscombe is a suburb in the London Borough of Croydon, England.
Depending on the context, constituent can either mean a citizen who resides in the area governed, represented, or otherwise served by a politician, or it can be restricted to citizens who elected the politician.
prunk is a member of the Institute of European History in Mainz, and a senior fellow of the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Stallone had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
The crew shot the scene while riding on the "hovercraft" instead of on the ground.
The conference papers were published the next year in a book by Phelps, et al.
The Wario Land series is a platforming series that started with Wario Land : Super Mario Land 3.
Frédéric Chopin's "Opus 57" is a lullaby for solo piano.
Attacks may have been psychological in origin, rather than physical.
A historian has stated that " Quinine's efficacy gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast, Nigeria, and other parts of West Africa"
Furthermore, spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, which suggest a rocky surface composition.
She became the authoritative editor of her husband's works after he died.
Mercury is similar in appearance to the moon. It has no natural satellites and no substantial atmosphere.
The town is located in the limmat valley between Baden and Zurich.
These provide excellent habitat for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull.
After the Sena dynasty, Dhaka was successively ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors descending from the Delhi Sultanate before the arrival of the Mughals in 1608.
The Prime Minister can stay in office only as long as the lower house supports them.
This scene is important because it shows Harry's bravery and sacrifice by retrieving Cedric's corpse.
On June 1, 1972, he and fellow raf members Jan-Carl Raspe and Holger Meins were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in Frankfurt.
Manchester, together with other musicians, formed new music group committed to contemporary music.
The compact and intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys. Storm surges of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region.
It is now the site of Meher Baba's samadhi tomb-shrine.
The collapsed dome of the main church has been restored completely.
In 2005, meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition.
Salem is a city in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States.
Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been recorded.
Saint Martin is an island in the Caribbean in the northeast. It's approximately 300 kilometers east of Puerto Rico.
Because of this, PDFs containing images can't be distributed without further manipulation.
Ben was arrested in April of 1862 for participating in an armed robbery with Frank Gardiner.
Heavy rain fell on parts of Britain on October 5, causing localized accumulation of flood waters.
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb. If you want, you can save your configuration and personal data.
The seats were distributed as follows: The free Democratic Party had 2 members, the Christian Democratic People's Party had 2 members, the Social Democratic Party had 2 members, and the Swiss People's Party had 1 member.
A fee is the price one pays for services, like a doctor's fee.
Ohio State Library System has 21 libraries located on its Columbus campus.
In other developments, Norway overran Iceland and Greenland, but Scotland was able to repulse a Norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement.
The singles from the album included " by the way ", " the zephyr song ", " ca n't stop ", " dosed ", and " universally speaking ".
In April 2000, Minix became free/open source software under a permissive free software licence. However, by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities, and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists.
The body is light brown to gold, with dark spots on the limbs.
The britannica was originally created in Scotland.
The area covered by the warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards as Hurricane Jose intensified, before being canceled soon after landfall on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune alleged that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat.
The intertitles were later used to provide audiences with information, and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like.
That's because assets in the underground economies of the third world can't be used as collateral to get capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion.
He bolted from Sydney Cove several times before he was shot dead in 1796.
ned and dan ordered the police to surrender.
The appearance of the "midget-in-a-cake" wasn't up to veeck 's usual promotional standards before the second game got underway.
In a short video promoting the charity Equality Now, Joss Whedon confirmed that " Fringe " is not done, and is coming back.
A mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in Marvel comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
Civil unrest in northern Italy spawned the medieval musical form of Geisslerlieder, penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants.
Some reports say that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations.
He was transported to Australia for seven years.
waugh writes that Charles had been " in search of love in those days " when he first met Sebastian, finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , a metaphor that informs the work on a number of levels.
Her friendship with the Russian mystic, Grigori Rasputin, was also a significant factor in her life.
The term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are situated on the top or grow off of the side of an animal.
The term "protein" was coined by Berzelius after Mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of large molecule.
After the Jerilderie robbery, the gang hid from the police for 16 months.
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France.
The flowers have a range of colors, from orange to pale yellow.
In 1963, an extension was added to Union Station, curving north from Union Station and below University Avenue and Queen's Park. It turned west to terminate at St. George and Bloor Streets.
Before 1980, a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
The town is located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy are often at risk for arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both.
Mesoamerica is the largest sub-region in the Americas and it encompassed a vast and varied landscape, from the mountainous regions of the Sierra Madre to the semi-arid plains of Northern Yucatán.
Google made the comic available on Google Books and their website. Google also mentioned it on their official blog.
Anyone can register a pedigree with the college, where they are carefully audited and require official proofs before they're altered.
The book, Political Economy, was published in 1985, but had limited classroom adoption.
He toured with the IPO in 1990 and 1994.
The Napoleonic Wars were a series of wars fought by France between 1803 and 1815. General Mack surrendered his army to the Grand Army of Napoleon at Ulm, resulting in Napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers.
It has been the economic center of northern Nigeria for a long time, and it's also known for its production and export of groundnuts.
A majority of people in south India speak one of the five Dravidian languages.
Meteora earned the band multiple awards and honors.
After a brief stand off, the WWF cavalry turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho.
Most of the songs were written by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman.
in the 5th century, Slavs started to move into the area.
Many new facilities were constructed on campus from 1900 to 1920. These included facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, hill auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
Winchester is a city in Scott County, Illinois, United States.
name arzashkun seems to be the assyrian form of an armenian name ending in -ka, which recalls the name arsene, arsissa, applied by the ancients to part of lake van.
Out of 16,421 participants in the national casting process, she was chosen to appear on the tv show.
Its episodes were broadcast on the ABC network from its debut on September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
The second device can be designed and used in less stringent environments.
Gimnasia hired Francisco Maturana and Julio César Falcioni, but both had limited success.
Brighton is a city located in Washington County, Iowa, in the United States.
furthermore, she has appeared in several music videos, including "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
On June 24, 1979, the 750th anniversary of the village of Glinde, Sweden, Glinde received its town charter.
Pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 and later in Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis in 2006. She is now described as "Mario's friend".
The vagina stretches many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth.
It's believed that his real date of birth was between 1935 and 1939.
This quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance needs to be used to inhibit a given biological process or component by half.
The name of the band, which suggests they are from the Bernese Oberland region of the Canton of Bern, actually encompasses portions of the Bernese Alps that are located in adjacent Cantons of Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg and Vaud.
He had one daughter with Ann Powers.
Edward Gorey mentioned in an interview that he especially liked Bawden, lamenting the fact that he's not well known.
The string can vibrate in different modes, and each mode produces a different particle.
Gable was nominated for an Academy Award when he portrayed Fletcher Christian in 1935's Mutiny on the Bounty.
