One side of the armed conflicts is composed of the Sudanese military and the Janjaweed, a militia group from the Abbala tribes of Sudan.
Jeddah is the gateway to Mecca, Islam's holiest city which Muslims must visit at least once.
The great dark spot is believed to be a hole in Neptune's methane cloud.
His work "Saturday" follows a day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula, a trickster character, spun a black cord and pulled it east with all his strength.
He died six weeks later on 13 January 888.
They have a similar culture to the coastal people of Papua New Guinea.
Since 2000, the Kate Greenaway Medal recipient has also received the Colin Mears Award worth £5000.
After the drummers are dancers, who sometimes play a small drum that makes little noise and have creative choreography.
The spacecraft features two main parts: the NASA Cassini Orbiter and the ESA Huygens Probe.
Alessandro "Sandro" Mazzola was born on November 8, 1942 and is an Italian former football player.
It was thought that the debris from the collision filled in the smaller craters.
Graham went to Wheaton College from 1939-1943 and graduated with a BA in Anthropology.
However, the bzö is different from the freedom party, since they support a referendum on the lisbon treaty but oppose an EU-withdrawal.
Many species disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century due to European settlement.
In 1987, Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
In its pure form, dextromethorphan is a white powder.
Getting into Tsinghua is hard.
Today, NRC is organized as an independent private foundation.
It is by the Baltic Sea and encloses Stralsund.
He was named 1982 "sportsman of the year" by Sports Illustrated.
Fives is a British sport that likely derived from the same origins as many racquet sports.
For example, King Bhumibol's birthday is on Monday, so Thailand is decorated with yellow.
Both names ended in 2007 when merged into the national museum of scotland.
Nevertheless, tagore imitated many styles, such as craftwork from northern New Ireland, Haida carvings from British Columbia, and Max Pechstein's woodcuts.
On October 14, 1960, John F. Kennedy suggested the idea of the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She performed for President Reagan in 1988 in the White House series, which aired on PBS.
Perry Saturn and Terri defeated Eddie Guerrero and Chyna to win the WWF European Championship, and Saturn pinned Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
She stayed in the US until 1927, then she and her husband went back to France.
In late July of 1989, Despina was discovered from photos taken by the Voyager 2 probe.
The first Italian Grand Prix motor race happened on September 4, 1921 in Brescia.
He finished two collections of short stories called the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales.
Voyager 2 images show Ophelia as an elongated object, pointing towards Uranus.
The British decided to take the land by force and eliminate him.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in Western Australia don't follow official WA time.
Shells have been used in architectural decoration to make mosaics and inlays, which have been used to decorate walls, furniture, and boxes.
Other cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula are Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Clank fears Drek will destroy the galaxy, so he asks Ratchet to find Captain Qwark, to stop Drek.
It is not a real louse.
He promotes a user-centered design process for product development and works to make interaction design more popular.
It is possible that the editors who reported you, and the administrator who blocked you, are part of a conspiracy against a person far away.
Group i assesses scientific aspects of climate change.
The island chain is part of the Hebrides, separated from the Scottish mainland and the inner Hebrides by the stormy waters of the Minch, the Little Minch, and the Sea of the Hebrides.
Orton and his wife had a daughter, Alanna Marie, on July 12, 2008.
The minor planet center, a branch of the iau, assigns number-name combinations as formal minor planet designations.
Wind shear increased on September 30 and the storm weakened.
Each entry has a nugget of data copied from a backing store.
Mosques may not enforce violations, but both men and women must follow the guidelines when attending.
mariel of redwall is a 1991 fantasy novel by brian jacques.
Ryan Prosser, born on July 10, 1988, plays rugby professionally for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
The assessment report consists of four reports, three from its working groups.
Their granddaughter Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a nuclear physics professor at the University of Paris and their grandson Pierre Joliot, named after Pierre Curie, is a famous biochemist.
This stamp was the letter stamp for the rest of Victoria's rule, and many were printed.
The International Fight League was an American MMA promotion and the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia, also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis, is a protozoan parasite that resides and reproduces in the small intestine, resulting in giardiasis.
Cameron has often done Christian-themed productions, such as the post-rapture films "Left Behind: The Movie", "Left Behind II: Tribulation Force", and "Left Behind: World at War", in which he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
This area was east of the Vistula River, sometimes called "Prussia Proper".
After graduation, he returned to Yerevan to teach at the conservatory and eventually became artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the gospel of Matthew and Luke.
Weelkes later got in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his drinking and bad behavior.
So far, people such as Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, and more have featured in the 'celebrity' episodes.
Stephen P. Synnott discovered it from Voyager 1 images taken near Jupiter on March 5, 1979.
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
On 16 June 2009, the band announced the release date of The Resistance on their website.
He is also in another boyband, the 183 Club.
Hippolytus's apostolic tradition mentions singing Hallel psalms with "Alleluia" at Christian agape feasts.
In return, Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and defended northern France against other Viking groups.
It comes from the Voice of America Special English.
disney received a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones from 10-year-old child actress shirley temple.
It was the first asteroid found by a spacecraft.
Hinterrhein is an administrative district in Switzerland.
It is now known as Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
This confuses consumers when 220  1,048,576  bytes is called 1 mb  megabyte  instead of 1 mib.
Numerous reports have discussed ethics in scholarship due to the incident.
They are castrated to make the animal calmer and gain weight quickly.
Seventh sons have strong "knacks" and those of seventh sons of seventh sons are rare and powerful.
Passmark Software's benchmarking showed 2009 version had a 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 mb memory usage.
Volterra is a town in Italy's Tuscany region.
Recently, it was found that itch and pain have similarities, but also differences.
The tongue is sticky due to the mucous containing glycoprotein, which lubricates snout movement and catches ants and termites.
The tram derailed on 30 May 2006 at Starr Gate Loop during trials.
Statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson, former Ipswich Town and England managers, stand outside the ground.
Take the square root of the variance.
Volunteers gave food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a rock band performance at the stadium.
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in northwestern France.
Without land use controls, buildings can be built along a bypass, making it congested like the streets it was supposed to avoid.
It is also a starting point for exploring Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises hurt but usually not dangerous.
Nobody connected with wikipedia can be responsible for using the information in or linked from these webpages.
George Frideric Handel served as kapellmeister for George, who later became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small and their vision is poor.
They are only rivaled in toughness by chitin as biological materials.
Oregano is essential in Greek cooking.
Tickets can be purchased for national rail services, the docklands light railway, and with an oyster card.
He produced and published his works himself, and he mostly got commissioned for his larger woodcuts.
Historians use primary sources and evidence to research and write history.
The weight of the continental icecap sitting on lake vostok contributes to the high oxygen concentration.
In 2000, the population was 89,148.
aliteracy (sometimes spelled alliteracy) is the state of being able to read but not wanting to.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as a pharmaceutical.
It will then sink back to the river bed, digest its food, and wait for its next meal.
Additionally, research shows children are unlikely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, and/or care about.
Now, Landis' father is a big fan of his son, Floyd.
After attaining category 4 status, the hurricane's outer convection became ragged.
The equilibrium price for labor is the wage.
Believing the grounds were haunted, they published their findings in a book in 1911 under pseudonyms Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He moved to London and focused on teaching.
Brunstad has fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, a coffee bar, and its own grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops to guard the conquered region.
In 1438, Trevi became part of the Legation of Perugia under the Church's temporal rule, and after 1860 it became part of the United Kingdom of Italy.
The depression moved inland on the 20th and dissipated the next day over Brazil, causing heavy rains and flooding.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency from 1952 to 1995.
The band consists of Flynn on vocals and guitar, Duce on bass, Phil Demmel on guitar, and Dave McClain on drums.
Countries with a minority Muslim population are more likely to use mosques to promote civic participation than those in the Middle East with a Muslim majority.
The characters are rude versions of Pete and Dud.
Johan was the original bassist of the Swedish power metal band Hammerfall, but left before they released a studio album.
In 1998, Culver ran for Iowa Secretary of State and won.
In 1990, Mark Messier won the Hart Trophy over Ray Bourque by two votes, due to one first-place vote.
shade's disobedience of the law sets the novel's plot in motion, leading to the destruction of the colony's home and their forced migration, and his separation from them.
The female equivalent is a daughter.
In April 1999, he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer.
Before the storm arrived, the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks.
The form of chess played is speed chess with twelve minutes for the whole game.
The Amazon Basin is drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were later charged for mutiny and treason due to their involvement in the 1979 coup and 1980 Gwangju massacre.
Damage extended along the Atlantic Coast and inland to West Virginia.
The owner is unaware, so computers are compared to zombies.
The wave moved across the Atlantic and formed into a tropical depression off Haiti's northern coast on September 13.
The Associated Press stylebook is updated yearly.
The four canonical texts are the Gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke and John, written between AD 65 and 100.
Eschelbronn is known for its furniture manufacturing industry since the late 19th century.
The top half looks like the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim.
Unlike earth clouds, Neptune's cirrus clouds are made of frozen methane crystals.
They can't participate until they are adults.
Stable releases are rare, but there are often stable enough subversion snapshots to use.
In 1482, the order sent him to Florence, his "destiny city".
The Soviets demolished two Rostov landmarks, St Alexander Nevsky Cathedral and St George Cathedral.
He died in Madrid, Spain on May 29, 1518 and was buried in the church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
Miller and Urey demonstrated this in their 1953 experiment.
Cogeneration combines heat and power, called CHP, which generates electricity and useful heat.
Occasionally, the male "den master" lets a second male into the den, but why is unclear.
A Wikipedia gadget is an option that can be enabled in your Wikipedia preferences.
Here are some helpful links to help you get involved.
He was the prime minister of Egypt from 1945 to 1948.
She was left behind when the rest of the nicoleños moved to the mainland.
James I appointed him a Gentleman of the Chapel Royal, where he was an organist until his death.
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and said he may not accept it.
Later, Esperanto speakers valued the language and the culture for itself, regardless of the United Nations or other international organizations.
Dry air weakened the cyclone early on September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Anna Paula Braun died on April 30, 1945 and was the companion and (briefly) wife of Adolf Hitler.
Each license has a different version number.
Most irc servers don't need users to register an account, but they must set a nickname before connecting.
He received a mechanics certificate in the same year and became the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
Summerslam 2009 is an upcoming WWE pay-per-view event on August 23 at Staples Center in Los Angeles.
Usually seen as bald, with long whiskers, he is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
Some animals can change color with their environments, like ermine and snowshoe hares, or very quickly with chromatophores like cephalopods.
Val Venis won a steel cage match against Rikishi to keep the WWF Intercontinental Championship, pinning Rikishi after Tazz hit him with a TV camera.
This resembles the unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well, working together with universal interfaces.
He comes from a musical family, with his mother being a singer and administrator and his father a band director at Yale.
The largest Mennonite populations are in Canada, Congo and the US, but they also live in 51 countries across six continents.
Naas is a big town near Dublin, with many people living there and working in Dublin.
acanthopholis's armor had oval plates and spikes on its neck, shoulder, and spine.
Origin Irmo was chartered on Christmas Eve in 1890 due to a nearby railroad.
Alternatively, bills from the law commission and consolidation bills start in the House of Lords.
Before his release in 1474, Vlad lived with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital while preparing for the reconquest of Wallachia.
You can add a five-word passage to the front cover and a 25-word passage to the back cover in the modified version.
He is buried in the Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is found in the interior of bones.
Reflection nebulae are usually blue due to more efficient scattering of blue light than red, like the scattering process for blue skies and red sunsets.
Monteux is a commune in Vaucluse, France.
Macgruber tries to make something to defuse the bomb, but he is easily distracted and runs out of time.
Messiaen finished most of the work and Yvonne Loriod completed the last movement with help from George Benjamin.
Karbala is a holy city to Muslims, after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem, and Najaf.
The pad demanded the resignation of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat, who were claimed to be Thaksin's proxies.
Traveling through remote areas requires planning and a reliable vehicle, usually a four wheel drive.
At Kahn, he was chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He excuses himself and leaves for rehearsal with Dr. Schön.
Britpop emerged from the British indie music scene in the 1990s and was characterized by bands inspired by British guitar pop from the 1960s and 1970s.
This joined battalions forming for xi international brigade.
The sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines and runs shorter trains.
Its capacity is 98,772, making it Europe's largest stadium and the eleventh largest in the world.
In December 1967, ten Boom was honored by Israel as one of the Righteous Among the Nations.
Some articles are long and detailed, while others are short and of lower quality.
95 species are accepted.
Eugowra was named after an indigenous Australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
The terms "undies" for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture" are often heard in English.
Jurisdiction is based on public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the powers of governments to allocate resources.
He wrote several pieces about Hiawatha, such as "The Death of Minnehaha", "Overture to the Song of Hiawatha" and "Hiawatha's Departure".
The capital of the state is Aracaju.
Farrenc was however paid less than male counterparts for nearly a decade.
gumbasia was created in a style called kinesthetic film principles.
Brandon Waise Lee became his idol, so MK Sun grew up to be a lawyer.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a historic township near Cowra, New South Wales, Australia.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian Army on June 18, 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China dug along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
Before pocket calculators, people used it to calculate things in science and engineering.
The Kindle 2 has 16-level grayscale display, better battery, faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option, and it is thinner.
Yoghurt is a dairy product made with bacterial fermentation of milk.
Seventy-five defensemen are in the Hall of Fame, more than any other position, and only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
Throughout the centuries, alternative views on the subject were proposed but rejected by mainstream christian bodies.
The album was banned from many record stores nationwide.
The legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
In late 2004, Suleman cut Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations because of his upcoming move to Sirius Satellite Radio.
The company opened more Canadian outlets than McDonald's, and their sales surpassed McDonald's in Canada in 2002.
Captain Caleb Holt (Kirk Cameron) is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia who follows the cardinal rule of all firemen, "Never leave your partner behind".
He won the presidential election with 71.25% of the vote.
The plant is a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer who performed in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky conceived of writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests were suppressed nationwide.
Offenbach's operettas, such as "Orpheus in the Underworld" and "La Belle Hélène", were popular in both France and English-speaking countries from the 1850s-1860s.
Roof tiles from the Tang Dynasty with this symbol were found near ancient Chang ' an, which is now Xian.
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
The instrument was hard to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the earliest extant church in Assisi.
Radar observations show a pure iron-nickel composition.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly business journal about railway, metro, light rail, and tram industries worldwide.
In 1988, he was appointed companion of honour CH.
Loèche has Onyx, a Swiss electronic intelligence system.
A matchbook is a cardboard folder that holds matches and has a rough surface on the outside.
She was one of the first doctors to oppose cigarette smoking near children and drug use in pregnant women.
Defiantly, she vowed to never leave the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
The Graystripe trilogy is a three-volume manga series in English that follows Graystripe from when he was taken by twolegs to when he returned to Thunderclan.
Syrians did not live in urban areas, many immirgrants who worked as peddlers interacted with Americans daily.
He was famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and furniture.
As a child, she had collapsed lungs, pneumonia, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer argued that nest boxes are needed, showing that logging practices are not sustainable for species like Leadbeater's possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team from Montreal, Canada.
Small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes as transistors.
The word gribble was first used for wood-boring species from Norway in 1799.
Wounds inflicted by a club are called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
The county's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has done a quadruple axel in competition.
The port jackson district commandant could use the telephone exchange to communicate with all military installations on the harbour.
Even people who enter a mosque without prayer intentions must still follow the rules.
It is pointed in the face and size of a rabbit.
Computer performance is measured by how much useful work it can do with the given time and resources.
The Volga has some of the world's largest reservoirs.
The crosier represents the monasteries of the region.
Human skin hues vary from dark brown to pale pink.
Bankers from Shorebank helped Yunus create the bank with a Ford Foundation grant.
Bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial, but no details had been determined.
The hockey writers' association vote for the all-star team at the end of the season.
Afghanistan is bordered by Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, Iran, Pakistan, and the People's Republic of China.
Nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000 by Bomis, Inc, a web portal company.
The design includes key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule.
Iain Grieve was born on February 19, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana and plays rugby for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil.
In 1964, Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig proposed the quark model.
The fourth ring was decorated with golden garlands and added in 1938-39 when the column was moved.
West Berlin had its own postal administration that issued its own stamps until 1990.
Sandro Botticelli painted the Primavera in 1482.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of New South Wales.
The polymer is usually epoxy, but other polymers like polyester, vinyl ester or nylon can be used.
The name still remains as a brand for digital television, radio, and website, even after the magazine stopped printing.
At four-and-a-half years old, he was alone on the streets of northern Italy for four years, living in different orphanages and roaming with other homeless children.
Later, stands were added behind each set of goals as the ground was modernized.
A town can still be called a market town, even if it doesn't hold a market, as long as it has the right to do so.
Later, a bastion was built on the eastern approaches.
Olav Haraldsson lost to his pagan vassals and was killed in the Battle of Stiklestad on July 29 in Norway.
Others theorized that the NKVD eliminated Tresca for criticizing the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union.
This made Montenegro and Serbia independent countries.
Use html and css markup only when necessary.
schuschnigg denied reports of riots were false.
Addiscombe is a suburb in Croydon, England.
Constituent can also mean a citizen in an area served by a politician, sometimes just those who voted for them.
Prunk is a member of the Institute of European History in Mainz and a senior fellow of the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Stallone appeared in the 2003 French film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
The crew created a trailer with a cantilevered arm for the "hovercraft" and filmed the scene on Templin Highway by Santa Clarita.
The conference papers were published in a book the next year.
Wario Land is a platforming series that began with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3, a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series.
frédéric chopin's opus 57 is a piano solo.
These attacks may have been psychological rather than physical.
A historian said quinine helped colonists go to the Gold Coast and Nigeria in West Africa.
Spectroscopic studies have also shown signs of hydrated minerals and silicates, showing a stony surface composition.
She edited her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel.
mercury looks like the moon with many craters, no moons and no atmosphere.
The town lies in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zurich.
These habitats are great for chinkara, hog deer and blue bull.
After the Sena Dynasty, Dhaka was ruled by Turkish and Afghan governors before the Mughals arrived in 1608.
The prime minister stays in office only if they have the lower house's support.
This scene is important to Rowling because it shows Harry's bravery and his selflessness and compassion by retrieving Cedric's corpse.
On June 1, 1972, he and two other RAF members were arrested after a shootout in Frankfurt.
Together, they created new music manchester, which focused on contemporary music.
The powerful hurricane caused severe damage in the upper Florida Keys, with a storm surge of 18-20 feet.
It is now the site of Meher Baba's tomb-shrine, and provides accommodations for pilgrims.
The main church's dome has been fully restored.
In 2005, Meissner landed the triple axel jump in national competition, becoming the second American woman to do so.
Salem is a city in Massachusetts, USA.
Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been found.
saint martin is a tropical island near puerto rico.
These pdfs cannot be distributed if they have images.
In April 1862, Ben was arrested for participating in an armed robbery with Frank Gardiner.
Rain fell in parts of Britain on October 5, causing flooding.
version 2009.1 offers a USB installer to make a live USB, where the user can save their data and configuration if they wish.
The seats were distributed based on the parties' strength in the federal assembly, with 2 members each for the FDP, CVP and SP, and 1 member for the SVP.
A fee is what you pay for services, like when you pay a doctor, lawyer, or consultant.
Ohio State's library system has 21 libraries on its Columbus campus.
Iceland and Greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway while Scotland repelled a Norse invasion and made a good peace deal.
The singles on the album included "By The Way", "The Zephyr Song", "Can't Stop", "Dosed" and "Universally Speaking".
In 2000, Minix became free under a software license, but other systems had become more advanced, so it was mainly used by students and hobbyists.
The body color varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white and is sometimes marked with dark brown spots.
The Britannica was a Scottish enterprise, symbolised by its thistle logo, Scotland's floral emblem.
The warning issued on September 22 extended southward as Jose strengthened, before being canceled after landfall on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune reported that US Marine pilots and commanders used Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during combat.
The film gave audiences information that intertitles later provided, helping historians imagine what it was like.
Real estate, businesses, and other assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as collateral to raise capital.
He ran from Sydney Cove multiple times until he was shot dead in 1796.
Ned and Dan went to the police camp and ordered them to surrender.
Before the second game started, the press said the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance wasn't as good as Veeck's usual promotions.
In a video for charity equality now, Joss Whedon said "Fray is not done, Fray is coming back."
A mutant is a type of fictional character in Marvel Comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test (formerly the Scholastic Aptitude Test and Scholastic Assessment Test) is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
Civil unrest in northern Italy created the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder, which were penitential songs sung by flagellants.
Reports say that several things can increase the chances of paralysis and hallucinations.
He was sentenced to be transported to Australia for seven years.
Waugh wrote that Charles searched for love when he met Sebastian, and found a "low door in the wall" that opened to an enchanted garden, which had many meanings in the work.
Her friendship with Grigori Rasputin was important in her life.
The term dorsal is used to describe parts found on the back of an animal.
Berzelius coined the term "protein" after Mulder discovered that all proteins had the same formula and were composed of one large molecule.
After the Jerilderie raid, the gang stayed hidden for 16 months to avoid being caught.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in France.
The color varies from orange to pale yellow.
In 1963, an extension of the route curved north from Union Station, ending at St. George and Bloor Streets.
Before 1980, a section of the Commonwealth Railways line passed along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
It is located on an old portage trail leading westward to Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy may have arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death.
Mesoamerica's largest sub-region included the Sierra Madre mountains and the semi-arid plains of Northern Yucatán.
Google then made the comic available on its books and site, and mentioned it on its blog with an explanation for the early release.
Anyone can register a pedigree with the college, and it will be checked and need official proofs before being changed.
The book "Political Economy" was published in 1985 but had little adoption in classrooms.
He toured with the ipo in 1990 in the Soviet Union and again in 1994 in China and India.
At Ulm, Austrian General Mack surrendered his army to Napoleon's Grand Army, giving Napoleon 30,000 prisoners and causing 10,000 casualties.
It has long been a hub for economics in northern Nigeria and produces and exports groundnuts.
Most South Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages.
meteora won the band several awards and honors.
The WWF cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho after a brief stand-off.
Most songs were written by the Sherman Brothers.
In the 5th century, Slavs moved into the area.
From 1900 to 1920, many new facilities were built on campus, such as for dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for natural sciences, Hill Auditorium, hospitals and libraries, and two residence halls.
Winchester is a city in Illinois, United States.
The name arzashkun appears to be the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka, based off the name arzash, which is similar to the ancient names arsene and arsissa, referring to part of Lake Van.
Out of 16,421 participants, she was chosen from 15 candidates to be on the TV show.
The show aired on ABC from 1993 to 2005.
The device can then be designed and used in easier environments.
gimnasia hired famed colombian trainer francisco maturana and julio césar falcioni, but neither were successful.
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa.
She also starred in videos such as "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
On June 24 1979, Glinde became a town for its 750th anniversary.
Pauline returned in the 1994 Game Boy remake of Donkey Kong and later Mario vs Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis in 2006, being described as Mario's friend.
The vagina stretches many times its normal diameter during birth.
His birthdate was never recorded, but is thought to be between 1935 and 1939.
This measure shows how much of a drug or substance is needed to stop a biological process or part of it, like an enzyme, cell, receptor, or microorganism, by half.
The Bernese Alps stretch across several cantons, not just Bern.
He had a daughter in there, Mary Ann Fisher Power, baptized to Ann E Power.
In an interview, Edward Gorey said Bawden was one of his favorite artists, but he was disappointed that not many people knew about him.
A string can vibrate in different modes, like a guitar string, producing different particles such as electrons, photons, and gluons.
Gable earned an Academy Award nomination for his role as Fletcher Christian in 1935's Mutiny on the Bounty.
