One side of the armed conflicts in Sudan is made up of the sudanese military and the janjaweed, a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in Sudan.
Mecca, Islam's holiest city, is accessible through jeddah.
The great dark spot is thought to represent a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune.
His next work, Saturday, follows an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord and, attaching it to the ball, crawled away fast to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength.
On 13 January 888, there he died, six weeks later.
They are culturally akin to the coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea.
Since 2000, the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been presented with the colin mears award, worth £ 5000.
Dancers follow the drummers. They often play the sogo, a tiny drum that makes almost no sound, and tend to have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography.
The spacecraft is made up of two main parts: the nasa cassini orbiter, named after the italian-french astronomer giovanni domenico cassini, and the esa huygens probe, named after the dutch astronomer, mathematician and physicist christiaan huygens.
Alessandro Mazzola, born 8 November 1942, is an Italian former football player.
It was initially thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters.
graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943, when he graduated with a bachelor's degree in anthropology.
The bzö differs from the Freedom Party in that it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty, but against an EU withdrawal.
Many species had vanished by the end of the nineteenth century, with european settlement.
Wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame in 1987.
Dextromethorphan is also known as a white powder.
Admission to Tsinghua University is extremely competitive.
Today, nrc is an independent, private foundation.
Stralsund is situated at the coast of the Baltic Sea, where it encloses the city of it.
He was also named 1982 "sportsman of the year" by Sports Illustrated.
fives is a British sport believed to have originated from the same origins as many racquet sports.
King Bhumibol was born on Monday, so on his birthday throughout Thailand, decorations will be in yellow color.
The Scottish National Museum merged both names in 2007.
Tagore emulated styles from various parts of the world, including craftwork from northern New Ireland, Haida carvings from the West Coast of Canada, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, presidential candidate John F. Kennedy proposed the concept of the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
In 1988, she performed for President Reagan at the White House Series.
Perry Saturn won the WWE European Championship 8:10 by pinning Eddie Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
She remained in the United States until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France.
despina was discovered in late July 1989 by the Voyager 2 probe.
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 September 1921 at Brescia.
He also completed two collections of short stories: the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales.
At the Voyager 2 images ophelia appears as an elongated object, the major axis pointing towards Uranus.
He was eliminated by the British and his land was taken by force.
Some towns in western Australia on the Eyre Highway do not follow official Western Australian time.
Shell mosaics and inlays have been used to decorate walls, furniture, and boxes in architectural decoration.
There are also incorporated cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula: Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Clank asks Ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain Qwark, in an effort to stop drek.
It is not actually a true louse.
He advocates user-centered design and also works towards popularizing interaction design as a mainstream discipline.
It is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you, and the administrator who blocked you, are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away.
A working group assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The island chain, known as the Hebrides, forms part of the Scottish mainland, the Inner Hebrides, and the Outer Hebrides.
On July 12, 2008, orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton.
Minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the minor planet center.
By early on September 30th, wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began.
Each entry in the database has a datum, which is a copy of the datum in some backing store.
In order to ensure compliance with these guidelines, both men and women must attend mosques.
Mariel of Redwall is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques, published in 1991.
Ryan Prosser was born on 10 July 1988 and is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
The report like previous assessments consists of four reports, three of them from its working groups.
Their granddaughter, Hélène Langevin-Joliot, is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris, and their grandson, Pierre Joliot, is a noted biochemist.
This stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of Victoria's reign, and vast quantities were printed.
The international fight league was an American mixed martial arts promotion billed as the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia is a flagellated protozoan parasite that causes giardiasis.
aside from this particular filmography, Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions, including the post-Rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War, in which he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
East of the mouth of the Vistula River, this was later called "Prussia Proper".
After graduation, he returned to Yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of Matthew and gospel of Luke, specifically.
Weelkes was later to find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behaviour.
So far, ' Celebrity' episodes have included Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gabby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, and Paul O'Grady.
It was discovered by Stephen P. Synnott in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5, 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter.
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show, hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
The Resistance was announced on the band's website on 16 June 2009.
He is also a member of another Jungiery boyband, 183 Club.
The apostolic tradition, attributed to theologian Hippolytus, attests the singing of Hallel Psalms with Alleluia as the refrain in early Christian Agape Feasts.
Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and undertook to defend the northern region of France against the incursions of other viking groups.
VOA is a subsidiary of American Airlines.
Disney received a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones, presented to him by 10-year-old child actress Shirley Temple.
It was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft.
The hinterrhein administrative district is in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.
Bohemian Switzerland continues to exist in the Czech Republic.
This leads to consumer confusion when 220,000,000 bytes is referenced as 1 megabyte instead of 1 mib.
The incident has been the subject of numerous reports on ethics in scholarship.
Castrated animals are usually more docile or put on weight more quickly.
Seventh sons have strong "knacks" and are both extraordinarily rare and powerful.
The 2009 version of the PassMark benchmark revealed 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 mb memory utilization.
volterra is a town in the tuscany region of Italy.
Historically, itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other.
The tongue is sticky because of glycoprotein-rich mucous and the presence of ants and termites.
the same tram had derailed on 30 may 2006 at starr gate loop during previous trials.
There are statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, both former IPswich Town and England managers, outside the ground.
The variance is the measure of how much a set of data varies from the expected value.
Volunteers provided food, water, blankets, toys, massages, and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France.
If there are no strong land use controls, buildings will be built along a bypass and it will eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid.
Cooktown, cape York Peninsula, and the Athelton Tableland are also starting points for people wanting to explore.
Bruises often cause pain, but they're not usually dangerous.
None of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, vandals, or anyone else connected with wikipedia can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages.
George Frideric Handel was also Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover who eventually became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are quite small and their visual acuity is poor.
They are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin.
Oregano is an essential ingredient in Greek cuisine.
Tickets for national rail services, the docklands light railway and oyster card can be retailed.
He produced and published works himself, whilst his woodcuts were mostly commissioned work.
The historical method comprises the techniques and guidelines by which historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and then write history.
The high oxygen concentration is believed to be due to the sheer weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake Vostok.
As of 2000, the population was 89,148.
aliteracy is the state of being able to read but being uninterested in doing so.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound used as a pharmaceutical.
After eating, the fish will sink back to the river bed to digest.
furthermore, research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, or care about.
Today, landis ' father has become a hearty supporter of his son, and regards himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans.
Shortly after attaining Category 4 status, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
The equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage.
convinced that the grounds were haunted, they decided to publish their findings in a book under the pseudonyms elizabeth morison and frances lamont.
he settled in London, devoting himself chiefly to practical teaching.
brunstad has several restaurants, a grocery store, and coffee bar.
He left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region.
In 1438, trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia. 
The depression moved inland on the 20th, and dissipated the next day over Brazil, where it caused heavy rains and flooding.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in New York City from 1952 to 1995.
The current lineup of the band comprises flynn  vocals, guitar, duce bass, phil demmel guitar, and dave mcclain drums.
Advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries of the greater middle east to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation.
The characters are foul-mouthed extensions of their earlier characters, Pete and Dud.
Johan was also the original bassist of the swedish power metal band Hammerfall, but quit before the band ever released a studio album.
Culver ran for Iowa secretary of state in 1998 and was victorious.
In 1990, mark messier took the Hart over ray bourque by a margin of two votes.
shade sets the main plot of the book in motion when he impetuously defies that law , and inadvertently initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home , forcing their premature migration , and his separation from them .
The female equivalent is a daughter.
He was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April of 1999.
The national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the Outer Banks before the arrival of the storm.
Speed chess is the form of chess played in which each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game.
The Amazon Basin is the part of south America drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre.
Moderate to severe damage extended up the Atlantic coastline and as far inland as West Virginia.
Because the owner is often unaware, these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies.
The wave, which traveled across the Atlantic, organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
For example, the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated annually.
The four canonical gospels are the gospel of Matthew, gospel of Mark, gospel of Luke, and gospel of John.
Since the end of the 19th century, eschelbronn has been well known for its furniture manufacturing industry.
The upper half of the coat of arms also resembles the former district oberbarnim.
Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane.
Their participation is limited until they reach legal adulthood.
Development releases are rare, but there are often subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use.
In 1482, the order dispatched him to Florence, the 'city of his destiny'.
In the Soviet years, the Bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov's principal landmarks - St. Alexander Nevsky Cathedral 1908 and St. George Cathedral in Nakhichevan 1783-1807.
He died on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain, and was buried in the church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
The miller-urey experiment was conducted by Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey in 1953.
cogeneration is the use of a heat engine or a power station to simultaneously generate both electricity and useful heat.
On occasion, a male den master may also allow a second male into the den; the reason for this is unclear.
A wikipedia gadget is a javascript and / or a css snippet that can be enabled simply by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences.
Some useful links are provided below.
He served as the prime minister of Egypt three times: from 1945 to 1946, from 1946 to 1948, and from 1952 to 1954.
She was left behind, with varied explanations for her absence.
James I appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal in 1615 and he served as an organist until his death in 1627.
chauvin was initially embarrassed to receive his award and indicated that he may not accept it.
After Esperanto speakers saw the language and culture as ends in themselves, they began to see Esperanto as an option for international organizations.
By early on September 12, dry air had eroded most of the deep convection around the southern periphery of the cyclone.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Braun, died Eva Anna Paula Hitler on 6 February 1912 and 6 April 1945, was the longtime companion and, for a brief time, wife of Adolf Hitler.
Each license has a different version number.
IRC servers do not require users to register an account, but a user will need to set a nickname before being connected.
In that same year, he also received a mechanics certificate, becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York City.
Summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by WWE, which will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
he is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
The cephalopod family has chromatic response, changing color in changing environments.
val venis retained the wwf intercontinental championship by defeating rikishi in a steel cage match at 14:10. Venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit him with a TV camera.
This closely resembles the Unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces.
he came from a musical family ; his mother, larue , was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, keith brion, was a band director at yale.
Mennonites can be found in 51 countries on six continents.
naas is a major Dublin suburb, with many people living there and working in Dublin.
acanthopholis's armour consisted of oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin, with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area, along the spine.
irmo was chartered on Christmas Eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad.
Bills proposed by the law commission often start in the House of Lords.
In 1474, when he began preparations for the reconquest of Wallachia, Vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital.
You can add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text, and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text, to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version.
He is interred in the restvale cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is the flexible tissue found in bones.
Reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red.
monteux is a commune of the vaucluse département, in the area provence-alpes-côte d ' azur.
macgruber starts asking for simple objects to make something to defuse the bomb, but is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life that makes him run out of time.
This was substantially complete when Messiaen died, and Yvonne Loriod undertook the final movement's orchestration with advice from George Benjamin.
Shi'ites consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem, and Najaf.
The pad called for the resignation of the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat, whom the pad accused of being proxies for Thaksin.
Travel through very remote areas often requires advance planning and a suitable, reliable vehicle, usually a four wheel drive.
Kahn was chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
he excuses himself and dr. schön leaves.
britpop emerged from the british independent music scene of the early 1990s, and was characterised by bands influenced by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
Battalions were being formed for the Xi International Brigade.
the sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines, and shorter trains are run.
The stadium has a capacity of 98,772 people.
In December 1967, ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of Israel.
Some articles are quite lengthy and rich in content, while others are shorter and of lesser quality.
There are currently 95 accepted species.
Eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill."
Terms such as "undies" for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture" are oft-heard in English.
Jurisdiction is based on public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of the native population.
He followed this with several other pieces about Hiawatha: The Death of Minnehaha, Overture to the Song of Hiawatha, and Hiawatha's Departure.
The capital of the state is Aracaju.
Despite this, farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
gumbasia was created in a style that was taught by Vorkapich called kinesthetic film principles.
Brandon Waise Lee became his idol and Mk Sun grew up to be a lawyer.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near cowra in the central west of New South Wales, Australia in Cabonne Shire.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian Army on 18 June 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China were also digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
The pocket calculator was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering before the advent of the 21st century.
The Kindle 2 features 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, 20 percent faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud, and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches.
Yogurt is a dairy product produced by bacterial fermentation of milk.
Seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame, more than any other current position.
Alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries, but all were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
The album was banned from many record stores nationwide.
The legs are wide at the top.
In 2004, suleman made headlines by cutting Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations.
The company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's "Wendy's Confirms Tim Hortons IPO by March" Ottawa Business Journal, December 1, 2005. System-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002.
Caleb Holt, Kirk Cameron, and a plot captain in Albany, Georgia, are firefighters who strictly adhere to the cardinal rule of all firefighters: "Never leave your partner behind."
He was elected president in 2008 with 71.25% of the popular vote.
The plant is considered a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
orchestration Stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests were suppressed across the nation.
Offenbach's numerous operettas, such as Orpheus in the Underworld or La Belle Hélène, were extremely popular in both France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles from the Tang Dynasty have been found west of the ancient city of Chang'an and modern-day Xi'an.
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue who died on February 13, 1971.
The instrument was nearly impossible to control by most accounts.
Santa Maria Maggiore, Assisi's earliest extant church, is also known as St. Mary the Greater.
Radar observations indicate a fairly pure iron-nickel composition.
railway gazette international is a monthly business journal covering the railway, metro, light rail and tram industries worldwide.
He was appointed companion of honour in 1988.
loèche harbours the interception facilities of onyx.
A matchbook is a small cardboard folder that contains matches and has a coarse striking surface on the exterior.
She was among the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking and drug use in pregnant women.
She vowed to never renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
There is a three volume original English-language manga series following graystripe between the time that he was taken by twolegs in dawn and he returned to thunderclan in the sight.
Many Syrian immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis.
He was also famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
during childhood, she suffered from collapsed lungs twice, she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year, and had a tonsillar cyst.
Australian National University's dr. David Lindenmeyer has argued that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable, conserving hollow-dependent species like Leadbeater's possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Integrated circuits can also be built using the same processes that are used to make transistors.
The wood-boring species, Limnoria lignorum, was originally referred to as gribbles.
Bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries inflicted by a club are generally known.
The county administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
no skater has yet accomplished a quadruple axel in competition.
The port Jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour from the telephone exchange.
Even those who enter a mosque without intending to pray must still follow the mosque's rules.
it is pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit.
computer performance is measured by how much useful work a computer system can accomplish in comparison to how long and resources it takes.
Some of the largest reservoirs in the world are found along the Volga.
The crosier symbolizes the monasteries of the region.
Human skin colors can range from very dark brown to very pale pink.
Shorebank bankers helped Yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the Ford Foundation.
bremer reported plans to put saddam on trial, but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined.
Professional hockey writers vote for the all-star team at the end of the regular season.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, Afghanistan, Iran, Pakistan, and China all border one another.
nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000, by Bomis, Inc.
The notable features of the design are key-dependent s-boxes and a highly complex key schedule.
iain grieve was born on February 19, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana. He is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Pont-bellanger and Beaumesnil are also nearby settlements.
The quark model was independently proposed by Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig in 1964.
The fourth ring was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location.
west berlin had its own postal administration until 1990.
The painting, titled Primavera, is by Italian Renaissance painter Sandro Botticelli, circa 1482.
Sydney, New South Wales, is the largest city and capital of south wales.
Polymer substances are most often epoxy, but other substances, such as polyester, vinyl ester, or nylon, are also sometimes used.
The name survives as a brand for related digital outlets.
After four-and-a-half years of being left to fend for himself on the streets of northern Italy, four-year-old Vincenzo was finally taken in by a group of other homeless children and placed in an orphanage.
Stands were eventually added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernised.
A town with market rights is correctly described as a market town.
The bastion was built later on the eastern approaches.
The Battle of Stiklestad took place on July 29, 1030.
Others have theorized that the tresca was eliminated by the NKVD as retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union.
This resulted in Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries.
Use HTML and CSS markup sparingly and only with good reason.
Schuschnigg immediately responded publicly that reports of riots were false.
addiscombe is a suburb in the London borough of Croydon.
Constituent can have another closely-related meaning of a citizen residing in the area governed, represented, or otherwise served by a politician.
prunk is a member of the institute of European History in Mainz and a senior fellow at the center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
In 2003, Stallone had a cameo appearance in the french film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
Instead, the crew fashioned a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the "hovercraft" and shot the scene while riding up templin highway north of Santa Clarita.
The conference papers were published the next year in a book, microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory, by Phelps et al.
The Wario Land Series is a platforming series that started with Wario Land : Super Mario Land 3.
Frédéric Chopin's Opus 57 is a berceuse for solo piano.
Attacks may have been psychological in origin, rather than physical.
A historian has stated that " it was quinine 's efficacy that gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa ".
Furthermore, spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, which suggest a rocky surface composition.
She became the authoritative editor of her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel.
Mercury has a similar appearance to the moon: it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains, has no natural satellites and no substantial atmosphere.
The town is located in the limmat valley between Baden and Zurich.
These habitats provide excellent habitat for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull.
Dhaka was successively ruled by the turkish and afghan governors descending from the Delhi Sultanate before the arrival of the Mughals in 1608.
The prime minister is only in office as long as they retain the support of the lower house.
For Rowling, this scene is important because it shows Harry's bravery, and by retrieving Cedric's corpse, he demonstrates selflessness and compassion.
On June 1, 1972, he and fellow raf members Jan-Carl Raspe and Holger Meins were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in Frankfurt.
New music Manchester was founded together by musicians committed to contemporary music.
Hurricane Irma caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys, as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region.
The site now also houses meher baba's samadhi tomb-shrine.
The main church's collapsed dome has been restored.
in 2005, meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition.
Salem is the capital of Essex County and the largest city in Massachusetts.
Forty-nine pipefish and nine seahorse have been recorded.
Saint Martin is an island in the northeast Caribbean, approximately 300 kilometers east of Puerto Rico.
Because these PDFs contain images, they must be further manipulated before they can be distributed.
Ben was arrested in April 1862 for participating in an armed robbery with Frank Gardiner.
On October 5, heavy rain fell across portions of Britain, causing localized accumulation of flood waters.
USB installer version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb , where the user's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired.
The seats were distributed as follows: free democratic party (fdp): 2 members, christian democratic people's party (cvp): 2 members, social democratic party (sp): 2 members, and swiss people's party (svp): 1 member.
A fee is the price one pays for services.
Ohio State's library system has 21 libraries located on its Columbus campus.
In other developments, both Iceland and Greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway, but Scotland was able to repulse a Norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement.
The singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
In April 2000, minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence. However, by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities, and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists.
The body of the animal is a varying color from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and occasionally, it is marked with dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
The britannica was a Scottish enterprise, with a thistle logo.
The area covered by the warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards as Jose intensified, before being canceled soon after landfall on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune alleged that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat.
In addition to providing intertitles, the latter can help historians imagine what the film may have been like.
That is because real estate, businesses, and other assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as collateral to raise capital.
He bolted from Sydney Cove several times before being shot dead in 1796.
ned and dan advanced to the police camp, ordering them to surrender.
In the run-up to the second game, the press agreed that the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance had not been up to veeck 's usual promotional standard.
In a short video promoting the charity Equality Now, joss whedon confirmed that "fray is not done, fray is coming back."
A mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
In northern Italy, civil unrest spawned the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder.
Several reports say that both paralysis and hallucinations are more likely when certain factors are present.
His sentence was transportation to Australia for seven years.
Charles Waugh writes that, when he first met Sebastian, he was " in search of love in those days ", finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " . This metaphor informs the work on a number of levels.
Her notorious friendship with the russian mystic, Grigori Rasputin, was also an important factor in her life.
The dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are either situated toward or grow off that side of an animal.
The term "protein" was coined by Berzelius after Mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of very large molecule.
After the Jerilderie Raid, the gang laid low for 16 months.
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern France.
The leaves are mostly green, but they also have a yellow or orange tinge.
In 1963, an extension was added, curving north from Union station, below University avenue and Queen's Park, to near Bloor Street, where it turned west to terminate at St. George and Bloor Streets.
Before 1980, a section of the Commonwealth Railways central Australian line passed through the Simpson Desert.
The town is located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death.
Mesoamerica was divided into large sub-regions, encompassing a vast and varied landscape.
google subsequently made the comic available on its site and mentioned it on its official blog.
Anyone may register a pedigree with the college, where they are carefully internally audited and require official proofs before they can be altered.
The book, Political Economy, was published in 1985 but had limited classroom adoption.
he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 and 1994, performing in China and India.
On October 18, 1806, Austrian general Mack surrendered his army to the grand army of Napoleon at Ulm, reaping Napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers.
It has long been the economic center of northern Nigeria, and a center for the production and export of groundnuts.
A majority of south Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages: Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu, and Tulu.
meteora earned the band multiple awards and honors.
After a brief stand-off, the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho.
Most of the songs were written by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman.
In the 5th century, Slavs started to move into the area.
Many new facilities were constructed on campus from 1900 to 1920. These included facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, hill auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
winchester is a city in Scott County, Illinois.
name arzashkun seems to be the assyrian form of an armenian name ending in -ka, formed from a proper name arzash , which recalls the name arsene, arsissa, applied by the ancients to part of lake van.
Among the 15 candidates chosen to appear on the TV show, she was chosen out of 16,421 participants.
Its episodes were broadcast on the abc network from its debut on September 21st, 1993 until March 1st, 2005.
The less stringent environment can then be used to design and use the latter device.
Gimnasia hired Francisco Maturana and Julio César Falcioni, but both had limited success.
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa, in the United States.
furthermore, she appeared in several music videos, including "it girl" by John Oates and "just lose it" by Eminem.
On June 24, 1979, Glinde received its town charter.
Pauline returned in the game boy remake of Donkey Kong in 1994, and later Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis in 2006, although the character is now described as "Mario's friend."
The vagina stretches to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth.
It is believed that his real date of birth is between 1935 and 1939.
This quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance inhibits a given biological process by half.
Although the name suggests that they are located in the Bernese Oberland region of the Canton of Bern, portions of the Bernese Alps are in the adjacent Cantons of Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg and Vaud.
There he had one daughter, later baptized as Mary Ann Fisher Power, to Ann E Power.
In an interview, Edward Gorey mentioned that Bawden was one of his favorite artists and lamented the fact that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist.
The string can vibrate in different modes, and every mode appears as a different particle: electron, photon, gluon.
In 1935, gable portrayed Fletcher Christian in Mutiny on the Bounty.
