The Sudanese military and the Janjaweed militia are the main sides of the armed conflict.
Jeddah is the gateway to Mecca, Islam's holiest city.
The great dark spot is a hole in Neptune's methane cloud deck.
His next work follows a successful neurosurgeon's eventful day.
The tarantula spun a black cord, attached it to the ball, and crawled away to the east, pulling on the cord.
He died six weeks later on 13 January 888.
The people of Papua New Guinea are culturally similar to them.
The recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal has been given the Colin Mears Award of £5000 since 2000.
Dancers follow the drummers and often play the sogo, a tiny drum that makes almost no sound.
The spacecraft consists of two main elements, the Cassini Orbiter and the Huygens Probe.
Alessandro "Sandro" Mazzola was born on 8 November 1942 and is an Italian former football player.
The debris filled in the smaller craters.
Graham graduated with a BA in Anthropology from Wheaton College in 1943.
The BZÖ differs from the Freedom Party, favoring a referendum on the Lisbon Treaty but opposing an EU withdrawal.
Many species vanished with European settlement by the end of the nineteenth century.
Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987.
Dextromethorphan occurs as a white powder.
Admission to Tsinghua is competitive.
NRC is an independent, private foundation.
Stralsund is situated at the coast of the Baltic Sea.
Sports Illustrated named him "Sportsman of the Year" in 1982.
Fives is a British sport derived from racquet sports.
On King Bhumibol's birthday, Thailand is decorated with yellow.
Both names became defunct in 2007.
Tagore emulated numerous styles, including craftwork from northern New Ireland, Haida carvings from the west coast of Canada, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
John F. Kennedy proposed the Peace Corps on October 14, 1960 at the Michigan Union.
She performed for President Reagan in 1988's Great Performances at the White House series.
Perry Saturn and Terri defeated Eddie Guerrero and Chyna to win the WWF European Championship.
She and her husband returned to France in 1927.
Despina was discovered in July 1989 from Voyager 2 images.
The first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship took place in Brescia on 4 September 1921.
He wrote two collections of short stories.
Ophelia appears as an elongated object in Voyager 2 images, pointing towards Uranus.
The British decided to take the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in Western Australia don't follow official Western Australian time.
Colored and iridescent shell pieces have been used to create mosaics and inlays for architectural decoration.
Other cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula are Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Clank asked Ratchet to help him find Captain Qwark to stop Drek.
It is not a true louse.
He works to popularize interaction design.
It is possible that the editors and administrator are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away.
Working group i assesses climate system and climate change.
The Hebrides are separated from the Scottish mainland and inner Hebrides by the Minch, the Little Minch, and the Sea of the Hebrides.
Orton and his wife welcomed Alanna Marie Orton on July 12, 2008.
The Minor Planet Center, a branch of the IAU, oversees formal minor planet designations.
Wind shear began to increase and the storm weakened on September 30.
Each entry has a copy of the datum from a backing store.
Both men and women must adhere to mosque guidelines when attending.
Brian Jacques published Mariel of Redwall in 1991.
Ryan Prosser, born 10 July 1988, is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
The assessment report consists of four reports, three from its working groups.
Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris and her brother Pierre Joliot is a noted biochemist.
Vast quantities of this stamp were printed for the remainder of Victoria's reign.
The International Fight League was a mixed martial arts promotion.
Giardia lamblia, also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis, is a protozoan parasite that causes giardiasis.
Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions.
This area was east of the Vistula River and was sometimes called "Prussia Proper".
He returned to Yerevan after graduation and was appointed artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the Bible.
Weelkes was in trouble for his drinking and behavior.
Celebrities who have featured in episodes include Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady and Lee Ryan.
Stephen P. Synnott discovered it in Voyager 1 images from March 5, 1979.
Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser hosted a Spanish radio show called gomaespuma.
The official release date of the resistance was announced on 16 June 2009.
He is a member of the boyband 183 club.
Hippolytus attests the singing of Hallel psalms with "Alleluia" as the refrain in early Christian feasts.
Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and agreed to defend northern France from other Viking groups.
It is derived from VOA Special English.
Shirley Temple presented Disney with a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones.
The first asteroid discovered by a spacecraft was found.
Hinterrhein is an administrative district in Graubünden, Switzerland.
Bohemian Switzerland continues in the Czech Republic.
This leads to confusion when 1 mb is referred to as 1 mib.
Numerous reports have addressed ethics in scholarship regarding the incident.
Animals are castrated to make them docile or to help them gain weight.
Seventh sons have magical abilities and seventh sons of seventh sons are powerful.
Passmark Software benchmarking highlights the 2009 version's fast install, scan, and memory utilization times.
Volterra is a town in Italy.
Itch and pain were recently considered independent from each other.
Glycoprotein-rich mucous makes the tongue sticky to catch ants and termites.
The tram derailed at Starr Gate Loop during trials in May 2006.
Statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, both former Ipswich Town and England managers, stand outside the ground.
Take the square root of the variance.
Volunteers provided food, blankets, water, toys, massages, and a rock band performance.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in the Pays-de-la-Loire region of France.
Without land use controls, bypasses can become as congested as local streets.
People use it as a starting point to explore Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises often cause pain but are not dangerous.
No one connected with Wikipedia is responsible for how you use the information from these webpages.
George Frideric Handel served as Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover, who later became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes have poor visual acuity.
Chitin is the toughest biological material.
Oregano is used in Greek cuisine.
Tickets can be retailed for national rail services, the docklands light railway, and Oyster Card.
He produced and published some works himself, and commissioned most of his larger woodcuts.
Historians use primary sources and evidence to research and write history.
The weight of the continental icecap contributes to the high oxygen concentration in Lake Vostok.
The population in 2000 was 89,148.
Aliteracy is the state of being able to read but uninterested in doing so.
Mifepristone is a synthetic steroid pharmaceutical.
The eel will dislodge itself and sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
Children are less likely to report a crime involving someone they know.
Today, Floyd's father is one of his biggest fans.
The outer convection of the hurricane became ragged after attaining category 4 status.
The wage is the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor.
Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont published a book about the haunted grounds in 1911.
He settled in London and devoted himself to teaching.
Brunstad has restaurants, a cafeteria, a coffee bar, and a grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops to garrison the conquered region.
In 1438, Trevi became part of the Church's temporal rule as part of the Legation of Perugia.
The depression caused heavy rains and flooding in Brazil before dissipating the next day.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department existed from 1952 to 1995.
The band's current lineup consists of Flynn, Duce, Phil Demmel, and Dave McClain.
Countries with a minority Muslim population are more likely than Muslim-majority countries to use mosques to promote civic participation.
Pete and Dud are foul-mouthed characters.
Johan was the original bassist of Hammerfall, but quit before they released a studio album.
Culver ran for Iowa Secretary of State in 1998 and won.
Mark Messier won the Hart over Ray Bourque by two votes in 1990.
Shade's impulsive defiance of the law sets the novel's main plot in motion.
The female equivalent is a daughter.
He was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April 1999.
The National Park Service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the Outer Banks before the storm arrived.
Competitors play speed chess with twelve minutes for the whole game.
The Amazon Basin is drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were charged with mutiny and treason.
Damage extended up the Atlantic coastline and as far inland as West Virginia.
These computers are metaphorically compared to zombies.
A tropical depression formed off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
The Associated Press stylebook is updated annually.
The four canonical texts are the Gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John, written between AD 65 and 100.
Eschelbronn is well known for its furniture manufacturing industry since the 19th century.
The upper half resembles the coat of arms of the former district Oberbarnim.
Neptune's cirrus clouds are composed of frozen methane crystals.
They cannot fully participate until they reach legal adulthood.
Subversion snapshots are often stable enough to use.
In 1482, the order dispatched him to Florence.
The Bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov's principal landmarks in the Soviet years.
He died and was buried in Madrid, Spain in 1518.
Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey demonstrated this in the 1953 Miller-Urey experiment.
Cogeneration, also known as Combined Heat and Power (CHP), is the use of a heat engine or power station to generate electricity and useful heat.
Occasionally, a male "den master" will allow a second male into the den.
Wikipedia gadgets can be enabled in preferences.
Here are some useful links to help you get involved.
He was the prime minister of Egypt from 1945 to 1948.
The rest of the Nicoleños were moved to the mainland, leaving her behind.
James I appointed him a Gentleman of the Chapel Royal, where he served as an organist until his death.
Chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award.
Esperanto speakers see the language and its culture as ends in themselves, even if it is never officially adopted.
Dry air eroded the deep convection by early on September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Anna Paula Braun, also known as Eva Anna Paula Hitler, was Adolf Hitler's longtime companion and wife.
Each license version has a distinguishing number.
Users must set a nickname before connecting to an IRC server.
He became the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York in that same year.
Summerslam 2009 is a WWE pay-per-view event on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
He is usually portrayed as being bald and having long whiskers, and is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
Some animals can change color in different environments.
Val Venis pinned Rikishi after Tazz hit him with a TV camera to retain the WWF Intercontinental Championship.
Programs should do one thing well and work together over universal interfaces.
His mother Larue was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father Keith Brion was a band director at Yale.
Mennonites can be found in at least 51 countries on six continents.
Many people live in Naas and work in Dublin.
Acanthopholis had oval plates in its skin with spikes on its neck and shoulders and along its spine.
Irmo was chartered on Christmas Eve in 1890 due to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad.
Bills proposed by the Law Commission and Consolidation Bills start in the House of Lords.
Vlad resided in a house in the Hungarian capital before his final release in 1474.
You may add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text.
He is buried in Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is found in the hollow interior of bones.
Reflection nebulae are usually blue due to efficient scattering of blue light.
Monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse department of southern France.
Macgruber tries to make something to defuse the bomb but is usually distracted by his personal life.
Yvonne Loriod undertook the final movement's orchestration with advice from George Benjamin.
Karbala is a holy city for Shi'a Muslims.
The pad called for the resignation of the Thaksin-linked governments.
Traveling through remote areas requires advance planning and a reliable vehicle, usually a four wheel drive.
Kahn's chief architect was responsible for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He and Dr. Schön leave for rehearsal.
Britpop emerged from the British independent music scene in the early 1990s, characterized by bands influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
Battalions were formed for XI International Brigade.
The Sheppard Line has fewer users and shorter trains.
The stadium has a capacity of 98,772, making it the largest in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world.
In December 1967, Ten Boom was honored by Israel as one of the Righteous Among the Nations.
Some articles are lengthy and rich in content, while others are shorter and of lesser quality.
Currently, about 95 species are accepted.
Eugowra is said to be named after an Indigenous Australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
English often uses terms like "undies" for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture".
Jurisdiction is based on international law, conflict of laws, and government allocations.
He wrote several pieces about Hiawatha, such as The Death of Minnehaha, Overture to the Song of Hiawatha and Hiawatha's Departure.
The capital of the state is Aracaju.
Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
Vorkapich taught a style called Kinesthetic Film Principles, which was used to create Gumbasia.
MK Sun grew up to be a lawyer.
Cowra is an historic township located near Cowra in the Central West of New South Wales, Australia.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian Army on 18 June 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China dug along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
The pocket calculator replaced the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering.
The Kindle 2 features 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, faster page-refreshing, text-to-speech option, and reduced thickness.
Yoghurt is a dairy product made by fermenting milk.
Seventy-five defencemen are in the Hall of Fame, more than any other current position.
Mainstream Christian bodies have rejected alternative views on the subject throughout the centuries.
The album was banned from many record stores nationwide.
The legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
In late 2004, Suleman cut Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations.
Wendy's opened more Canadian outlets than McDonald's by 2005, and surpassed their system-wide sales by 2002.
Kirk Cameron plays a firefighter in Albany, Georgia who follows the cardinal rule of all firemen: "Never leave your partner behind."
He won the 2008 presidential election with 71.25% of the popular vote.
The plant is a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests were suppressed.
Offenbach's operettas were popular in France and the English-speaking world in the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles with this symbol have been found near Xian, dating back to the Tang Dynasty.
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
The instrument was nearly impossible to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the earliest extant church in Assisi.
Radar observations indicate a pure iron-nickel composition.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly business journal covering the railway industry.
He was appointed a Companion of Honour in 1988.
Loèche holds the Onyx interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a folder containing matches and having a striking surface on the outside.
She objected to cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
She defiantly vowed to never renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
Graystripe's trilogy is a three-volume English-language manga series.
Syrians did not congregate in urban enclaves.
He was famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
She suffered from collapsed lungs, pneumonia, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst during childhood.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer has argued that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable for conserving hollow-dependent species like Leadbeater's Possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team.
Inductors can be built on integrated circuits using transistor processes.
The term 'gribble' was originally assigned to wood-boring species, especially Limnoria lignorum described by Rathke in 1799.
Bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries are caused by clubs.
Greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has completed a quadruple axel in competition.
The port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour from the telephone exchange.
There are rules that apply to those who enter a mosque, even without the intention of praying.
It is described as a rabbit-sized animal with a pointed face.
Computer performance is measured by the amount of useful work accomplished.
The Volga has some of the largest reservoirs in the world.
The crosier symbolises the region's monasteries.
Human skin hues can range from dark brown to pale pink.
Bankers helped Yunus with the incorporation of the bank under a Ford Foundation grant.
Bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial, but no details had been determined.
The professional hockey writers' association votes for the all-star team at the end of the regular season.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan.
Bomis, Inc. founded Nupedia on March 9, 2000.
The design has key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule.
Iain Grieve was born on 19 February 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana and is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Pont-Bellanger and Beaumesnil are nearby settlements.
Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig proposed the quark model in 1964.
A fourth ring with golden garlands was added to the column in 1938-39.
West Berlin had its own postal administration until 1990.
Sandro Botticelli painted the Primavera in 1482.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of New South Wales.
Polymers such as epoxy, polyester, vinyl ester, or nylon are sometimes used.
The name survives as a brand for a related digital television channel, radio station, and website.
At four-and-a-half years old, he lived on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years.
Stands were added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s.
A town may be described as a market town, even if it no longer holds a market, if the right to do so still exists.
A bastion was built on the eastern approaches.
Olav Haraldsson was killed in the Battle of Stiklestad in Norway on July 29.
The NKVD eliminated Tresca as retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union.
Montenegro and Serbia became independent countries.
Use html and css markup sparingly.
Schuschnigg publicly denied reports of riots.
Addiscombe is a suburb in London.
Constituents are citizens who elected a politician.
Prunk is a member of the Institute of European History in Mainz and a Senior Fellow of the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Stallone appeared in the 2003 French film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
The crew filmed the scene while riding up Templin Highway in a trailer attached to a "hovercraft".
Phelps et al. published a book on the microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory the next year.
The Wario Land series is a platforming series that started with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3.
Chopin's Opus 57 is a berceuse for solo piano.
These attacks may have been psychological.
Quinine's efficacy gave colonists opportunities to swarm into West Africa.
Studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, indicating a stony surface composition.
She edited her husband's works for Breitkopf und Härtel.
Mercury is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains, has no natural satellites, and no substantial atmosphere, similar to the moon.
The town lies in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zurich.
These habitats provide excellent habitat for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull.
After the Sena Dynasty, Dhaka was ruled by Turkish and Afghan governors before the Mughals arrived in 1608.
The prime minister stays in office by retaining the support of the lower house.
Harry demonstrates bravery and selflessness by retrieving Cedric's corpse.
On June 1, 1972, he and two other RAF members were apprehended in Frankfurt after a lengthy shootout.
They formed new music manchester, a group committed to contemporary music.
The compact and intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys.
Meher Baba's samadhi tomb-shrine is now at the site, along with facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
The main church's collapsed dome has been restored.
Meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition in 2005.
Salem is a city in Massachusetts.
Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been recorded.
Saint Martin is a tropical island east of Puerto Rico.
These pdfs with images cannot be distributed without further manipulation.
Ben was arrested in April 1862 for participating in an armed robbery with Frank Gardiner.
Heavy rain caused localized flooding on October 5 in Britain.
Version 2009.1 provides a USB installer to create a live USB.
The seats were distributed according to the parties' strength in the federal assembly.
A fee is the price one pays for services.
Ohio State's library system has twenty-one libraries on its Columbus campus.
Scotland was able to repulse a Norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement.
The singles from the album included "By The Way", "The Zephyr Song", "Can't Stop", "Dosed" and "Universally Speaking".
In April 2000, Minix became free and open source software.
The body color of the animal varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white and may have dark brown spots on the limbs.
The Britannica was a Scottish enterprise, symbolized by its thistle logo, the floral emblem of Scotland.
The warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards as Jose intensified before being canceled after landfall on September 23.
The San Diego Union Tribune alleged U.S. Marine pilots used Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards in August 2003.
Intertitles can help historians imagine what the film may have been like.
Assets in the third world's underground economies cannot be used as collateral to raise capital.
He was shot dead in 1796.
Ned and Dan ordered the police camp to surrender.
The press agreed the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance was not up to veeck's usual promotional standard before the second game started.
Joss Whedon confirmed that "Fray is coming back".
Mutant characters appear in Marvel Comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
Medieval Geisslerlieder were penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants in northern Italy.
Various factors can increase the likelihood of paralysis and hallucinations.
He was sentenced to seven years in Australia.
Charles found a "low door in the wall" that opened to an "enchanted garden" when he first met Sebastian.
Grigori Rasputin was an important friend in her life.
The term "dorsal" refers to structures on the back side of an animal.
Berzelius coined the term "protein" after Mulder observed that all proteins had the same empirical formula.
The gang evaded capture for 16 months after the Jerilderie raid.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in France.
The color ranges from orange to pale yellow.
An extension was added in 1963, curving north to near Bloor Street.
Before 1980, the Commonwealth Railways Central Australian line passed along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
The portage trail led west through the mountains to Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death.
Mesoamerica encompassed a vast and varied landscape from the Sierra Madre to the semi-arid plains of northern Yucatán.
Google released the comic early and explained the decision on its official blog.
The college requires official proofs before altering registered pedigrees.
The book Political Economy was published in 1985 but had limited adoption in classrooms.
The IPO toured the Soviet Union in 1990 and China and India in 1994.
Austrian General Mack surrendered his army to Napoleon's Grand Army at Ulm.
Northern Nigeria has long been an economic centre for the production and export of groundnuts.
Most South Indians speak a Dravidian language.
Meteora earned the band awards and honors.
The WWF cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho after a brief stand-off.
Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman wrote most of the songs.
Slavs moved into the area in the 5th century.
From 1900 to 1920, many new facilities were constructed on campus.
Winchester is a city in Illinois.
The name arzashkun is the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka.
She was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show from 16,421 participants.
ABC broadcast its episodes from 1993 to 2005.
The device can be used in less stringent environments.
Gimnasia hired Colombian trainer Francisco Maturana and Julio César Falcioni, but both had limited success.
Brighton is a city in Iowa.
She appeared in music videos, such as "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
Glinde received its town charter on June 24, 1979.
Pauline returned in the 1994 Game Boy remake of Donkey Kong and Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis in 2006.
The vagina stretches during vaginal birth.
His real date of birth is believed to be between 1935 and 1939.
A quantitative measure indicates how much of a substance is needed to inhibit a biological process by half.
Portions of the Bernese Alps are in the cantons of Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg, and Vaud.
Mary Ann Fisher Power was born to Ann E Power.
Edward Gorey mentioned Bawden as one of his favorite artists during an interview.
Every mode appears as a different particle, such as an electron, photon, or gluon.
Gable earned an Academy Award nomination for his portrayal of Fletcher Christian in Mutiny on the Bounty (1935).
