one side of the armed conflicts is composed mainly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
jeddah is the principal gateway to mecca , islam 's holiest city , which able-bodied muslims are required to visit at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is thought to represent a hole in the methane cloud deck of neptune .
his next work , saturday , follows an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord and , attaching it to the ball , crawled away fast to the east , pulling on the cord with all his strength .
there he died six weeks later , on 13 january 888 .
they are culturally akin to the coastal peoples of papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been presented with the colin mears award to the value of £ 5000 .
following the drummers are dancers , who often play the sogo -lrb- a tiny drum that makes almost no sound -rrb- and tend to have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography .
the spacecraft consists of two main elements : the nasa cassini orbiter , named after the italian-french astronomer giovanni domenico cassini , and the esa huygens probe , named after the dutch astronomer , mathematician and physicist christiaan huygens .
alessandro -lrb- " sandro " -rrb- mazzola -lrb- born 8 november 1942 -rrb- is an italian former football player .
it was originally thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham attended wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 , when he graduated with a ba in anthropology .
however , the bzö differs a bit in comparison to the freedom party , as is in favor of a referendum about the lisbon treaty but against an eu-withdrawal .
many species had vanished by the end of the nineteenth century , with european settlement .
in 1987 wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame .
in its pure form , dextromethorphan occurs as a white powder .
admission to tsinghua is extremely competitive .
today nrc is organised as an independent , private foundation .
it is situated at the coast of the baltic sea , where it encloses the city of stralsund .
he was also named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated .
fives is a british sport believed to derive from the same origins as many racquet sports .
for example , king bhumibol was born on monday , so on his birthday throughout thailand will be decorated with yellow color .
both names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of scotland .
nevertheless , tagore emulated numerous styles , including craftwork from northern new ireland , haida carvings from the west coast of canada -lrb- british columbia -rrb- , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate john f. kennedy proposed the concept of what became the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she performed for president reagan in 1988 's great performances at the white house series , which aired on the public broadcasting service .
perry saturn -lrb- with terri -rrb- defeated eddie guerrero -lrb- with chyna -rrb- to win the wwf european championship -lrb- 8:10 -rrb- saturn pinned guerrero after a diving elbow drop .
she remained in the united states until 1927 when she and her husband returned to france .
despina was discovered in late july , 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he also completed two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
at the voyager 2 images ophelia appears as an elongated object , the major axis pointing towards uranus .
the british decided to eliminate him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia , between the south australian border almost as far as caiguna , do not follow official western australian time .
in architectural decoration small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays , which have been used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
the other incorporated cities on the palos verdes peninsula include rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
fearing that drek will destroy the galaxy , clank asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark , in an effort to stop drek .
it is not actually a true louse .
he advocates applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also works towards popularizing interaction design as a mainstream discipline .
it is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you , and the administrator who blocked you , are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they ' ve never met in person .
working group i : assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain forms part of the hebrides , separated from the scottish mainland and from the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on july 12 , 2008 .
formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the minor planet center , a branch of the iau .
by early on september 30 , wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began .
each entry has a datum -lrb- a nugget of data -rrb- which is a copy of the datum in some backing store .
as a result , although many mosques will not enforce violations , both men and women when attending a mosque must adhere to these guidelines .
mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , published in 1991 .
ryan prosser -lrb- born 10 july , 1988 -rrb- is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
like previous assessment reports , it consists of four reports , three of them from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot , who was named after pierre curie , is a noted biochemist .
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of victoria 's reign , and vast quantities were printed .
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts -lrb- mma -rrb- promotion billed as the world 's first mma league .
giardia lamblia -lrb- synonymous with lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis -rrb- is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonises and reproduces in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
aside from this , cameron has often worked in christian-themed productions , among them the post-rapture films left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he plays cameron " buck " williams .
this was the area east of the mouth of the vistula river , later sometimes called " prussia proper " .
after graduation he returned to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew , namely - and the gospel of luke , specifically - .
weelkes was later to find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behaviour .
so far the ' celebrity ' episodes have included vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
it was discovered by stephen p. synnott in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5 , 1979 while orbiting around jupiter .
gomaespuma was a spanish radio show , hosted by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser .
on 16 june 2009 , the official release date of the resistance was announced on the band 's website .
he is also a member of another jungiery boyband 183 club .
the apostolic tradition , attributed to the theologian hippolytus , attests the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts .
in return , rollo swore fealty to charles , converted to christianity , and undertook to defend the northern region of france against the incursions of other viking groups .
it is derived from voice of america -lrb- voa -rrb- special english .
disney received a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , presented to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of graubünden , switzerland .
it continues as the bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .
this leads to consumer confusion when 220 -lrb- 1,048,576 -rrb- bytes is referenced as 1 mb -lrb- megabyte -rrb- instead of 1 mib .
the incident has been the subject of numerous reports as to ethics in scholarship .
they are castrated so that the animal may be more docile or may put on weight more quickly .
seventh sons have strong " knacks " -lrb- specific magical abilities -rrb- , and seventh sons of seventh sons are both extraordinarily rare and powerful .
benchmarking conducted by passmark software highlights the 2009 version 's 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory utilization .
volterra is a town in the tuscany region of italy .
historically , the sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other until recently , where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain , but exhibits notable differences .
the tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous , which both lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites , which adhere to it .
the same tram had derailed on 30 may 2006 at starr gate loop during previous trials .
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers , outside the ground .
take the square root of the variance .
volunteers provided food , blankets , water , children 's toys , massages , and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france .
if there are no strong land use controls , buildings are built along a bypass , converting it into an ordinary town road , and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid .
it is also a starting point for people wanting to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises often induce pain but are not normally dangerous .
none of the authors , contributors , sponsors , administrators , vandals , or anyone else connected with wikipedia , in any way whatsoever , can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages .
george frideric handel also served as kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover -lrb- who eventually became george i of great britain -rrb- .
their eyes are quite small , and their visual acuity is poor .
they are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin .
oregano is an indispensable ingredient in greek cuisine .
tickets can be retailed for national rail services , the docklands light railway and on oyster card .
these works he produced and published himself , whilst his much larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work .
the historical method comprises the techniques and guidelines by which historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and then to write history .
the sheer weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .
as of 2000 , the population was 89,148 .
aliteracy -lrb- sometimes spelled alliteracy -rrb- is the state of being able to read but being uninterested in doing so .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound used as a pharmaceutical .