the sudanese militia group was formed mainly from the african abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan.
jeddah is the principal gateway to mecca, islam's holiest city, which able-bodied muslims are required to visit at least once in their lifetime.
it is the topmost point in the deck of neptune.
one week later, the world was confronted with the tragedy of the nuclear accident in the ophiolite ash.
The tarantula  trickster character  crawled  along the east side of the green field  to the  east side of the green field  pulling  on
the day the english nation was in the throes of its major troubles at a time when the world was watching the world play their most feared games.
their culture is so similar that they are culturally identical to the coastal peoples of papua new guinea.
kate greenaway was awarded the colin mears award to the value of £ 5000.
after the drummers are dancers, who often play the sogo  a tiny drum that makes almost no sound  and tend to have more elaborate — even acrob
the spacecraft consists of two main elements : the nasa cassini orbiter, named
the italian former football player  sandro  mazzola born 8 november 1942 is an italian former football player.
It was thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters.
graham attended wheaton college from 1939 to 1943, when he graduated with a b in anthropology.
the bzö differs a bit in comparison to the freedom party as is in favor of a referendum about the lisbon treaty but against an eu-withdrawal.
some species of animals had disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century.
the war broke out in the russian space program.
the next morning, as a result of his drinking, the first man who saw him became violently agitated.
admission to tsinghua is very competitive.
today nrc is organised as an independent, private foundation.
it was built by stephan stephan of rosenkopf, the last emperor of the schweigland dynasty.
the first student was enrolled in the university at the age of 17.
four are the major rivers in british union.
the chinese chinese panda was also named panda, meaning an animal.
both names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of scotland.
nevertheless, tagore emulated many styles, including craftwork from northern new ireland, haida carvings from the west coast
the peace corps on the steps of michigan union.
the president's first speech to a young audience when reagan is asked to describe himself to them.
the first train line of the european railway system  reached rome in 1885.
a woman named joshua s. beckham is the wife of samuel m. beckham.
the second was born in the 1800s in a small town.
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 september 1921 at brescia.
the last book published by the author was the short story The ghost of the beach by an elderly boy called samuel.
at the voyager 2 images ophelia appears as an elongated object, the major axis pointing towards uranus.
The second sentence is similar to the first sentence.
the area of the southwest coast in western australia.
and are known for their beauty.
rolling hills estates and rolling hills.
the city of brownsville is located near the west side of the river brownsville.
the first english edition of ebooks was published in england in 1429 in london in english.
it works towards popularizing interaction design as a mainstream discipline.
the people of the roma and of all the other eastern regions were united at that date.
working group i : assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
the island chain forms part of the hebrides, separated from the scottish mainland and from the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on july 12, 2008.
the university of washington was established in the year 1665.
The wind at the time of the flood was much weaker than in the previous year.
there is still no place on earth to visit.
a small village in alger is located a halfway between the desert of kérkine and the sea of salam, in a small desert town. 
to write a fiction short in english that describes the relationship between two people.
i just want to know  how much is the total number of hours that you spent reading this book in your lifetime?
the second paper was published in the journal london daily.
the most famous of all the monsters of the night is a rabbit.
this stamp was a classic stamp from the imperial period.
there was an american mixed martial arts  mma  promotion billed as the world's first mma league.
the intestinal pathogenic parasites giardia lamblia  and  giardia duodenalis are considered to be synonymous with lamblia intestinalis and
the only way you can get a fair estimate of the effectiveness of a system of
the name of the department of the department of the state of washington is washington university.
the armenian singer and actress nazareth karaher, who gained international fame after performing on stage in many countries, had died suddenly on July 31, 2010.
the church was destroyed in 1167.
one of the most well-known figures in western art was one of the first men to receive a doctorate in art. he was awarded this degree in 1905 at the age of twenty.
the first time that she was allowed to return home.
the explorer's space probe, stephen p. synnott, was launched to orbit around jupiter on march 5, 1979 in orbit of the planet.
gomaespuma  was a spanish radio show, hosted by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser.
the president of america's most popular television station, canal 10, has unveiled his new slogan of "good luck with american".
he has become a member of another jungiery boyband 183 club.
singing Hallel Psalms with Aleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts.
it was located at the eastern boundary of france.
it is a special english that expresses the opinion that "voice of america" is a good thing. It means that one is able to understand the difference between the two or three characters, and can pronounce it easily.
it is now a university in london.
the first time an object is encountered by the spacecraft, the planet is known to have been discovered. - this is the case also of the star  hertzsprung-mann. - it was discovered during  the  moon  willem.
hinterrhein is a administrative district in the canton of graubünden, switzerland.
it continues as the bohemian switzerland in the czech republic.
<|startoftext|>  : this is a simple sentence.
there are no reports to say that any of our scholars are being accused of wrongdoing.
castrated so that the animal may be more docile or may put on weight more quickly.
the sixth and the seventh son had " knacks"  specific magical abilities, and seventh sons of sixth sons were both extraordinarily rare and powerful.
benchmarking conducted by passmark software highlights the 2009 version's 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 mb memory utilization.
volterra is a town in the tuscany region of italy.
the smell of urine makes a person more sensitive.
the tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous, which both lubricates movement in and out of the snout
this has been removed due to space limitations.
they are now living at the edge of the town.
Take the square root of the variance.
volunteers provided food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance for those who were outside the stadium.
there are some houses close to the lake or near the beach.
the local streets is intended to avoid.
it was located in a small city in the area of york.
The worst that can happen in an attack on the frontline is blood loss and death. 
wikipedia has a nice list of contributors that have written in the history section of wikipedia.
frideric handel served as kapellmeister for george, elector of hanover  who eventually became george i of great britain.
a new light source will be put up in the west.
they are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin.
oregano is essential ingredient in greek cuisine.--
Ticket can be bought at any local station.
this is an old copy from the master's office, which was restored in 2003 by his family after it was in disrepair.
the history of russia comprises three phases.
lake vostok sits on top of the continental icecap.
the city is located in the western part of the state of armenia.
one of the sentences in question. The sentence in question can be parsed according to the provided SARI score.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound used as a pharmaceutical.
the last of those who lived in the north-west side of the island were burned at dallas in 1863.
he was born in 1914.
he will now serve for two years on the board of the new republic of armenia.
Rugged and inhomogeneous in the direction of the cyclone.
there were many companies that have been the subject of a merger and acquisition in the past.
The following sentences are complex sentences. They are examples of a complex sentence.
the university of london was founded in 1559.
the first church was built by the monks of abbey abbassia in 1113.
she left the detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region.
trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia,
it was a beautiful place.
a city of chattanooga police department was created in the mid-1980s by  an act of parliament in chattanooga, tn. the city of chattanooga police department was based on an executive police command. 
this lineup is the current lineup of the band.
the majority of chinese migrants to usa were Muslim.
the character are foul-mouthed extensions of their earlier characters pete and dud.
hammerfall was a band from the swedish power metal band hammerfall that was founded by johan jimenez and samsung electric in the late 1980s.
in 2010, culver ran for iowa secretary of state and was victorious.
harry bruntman, a world-renowned actor, was a major protagonist in the anthology picture, the siren of the river  starring j.k. -man in 1970.
shade is the protagonist of the novel.
girl.
in the last 30 years, a lot of medical studies were conducted on the development of medical and scientific fields.
the park is situated right next to the river.
the chess team consists of four players, each player has three minutes for the game.
amazon basin drained by the amazon river and its tributaries.
there are two brothers in the house who are on the same side of the house.
the first church of benrath was constructed in 1002.
the owner tends to be unaware, these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies. --
the first hurricane of july was devastating.
the following sentences are simplified.
- is an important noun.
a. a. c. a. c. b. b. c. a. c. a. c. b. c. a. b. c. a. b. c. a. c. a. b. c. a. b.
the upper half  also resembles the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim.
a man who was not well able to carry out a business decision and failed to take the time to learn the business skills of his partner.
their participation is limited until they reach legal adulthood.
development stable releases are rare, but there are often subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use.
finally in 1482 the order dispatched him to florence.
St alexander nevsky cathedral in nakhichevan in 1908 and st george cathedral in nakhichevan in 1783 were
the great man james james died in a car accident.
the story tells the story of the man who saved the future from the dangers of war.
cogeneration  also combines heat and power, chp  is the use of a heat engine or a power station to simultaneously generate both electricity and useful heat.
this man has a problem with his health.
A button to show the results of your search.
at the end of the year 2013  a local committee has been formed.
the king is in the garden of benneville.
she was left behind  explanations for this vary  when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland.
the university of georgia was founded in 1861 and has been the university of georgia since the mid-1950s.
the english language is a rich and vibrant language. the english language offers many opportunities for students to understand the english language.
this is the first book written in esperanto.
the last person to call up a phone in the morning was  douglas walker.
calvin baker is an american novelist.
the hottest drink in the world was water.
the licensees were only given the distinguishing version number of the license.
the first report was written by a reporter in wichita state.
at the end of the war the president of the republic of armenia gave an address to the state assembly of armenia. that address was sent to the national assembly of armenia.
a man was murdered by a man  who  was shot by his neighbor in the morning.
in the early 1900's, it was decided to develop a new airport with the name  airport  new york.
a few animals have chromatic response, changing color in changing environments  either seasonally ermine, snowshoe hare  or far more
the first book of the series, from the first to the last, was written by edward h. klein.
a computer software which has been designed to help you to work with files and folders.
the most famous actress of the century.
" the last time i did the work i asked everyone to do, if i had a pencil and paper,
there are some schools in naas, that are located in the area that you have to visit for studying in dublin.
the first stone was put together in 1270.
irmo's original purpose was to be an office building.
the committee was composed of the following :
the hunchback was found by a scientist in the year 1498.
the first book published in germany was by marcus sander.
the first of two great cathedrals in the town.
Bone marrow is the flexible tissue found in the hollow interior of bones.
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red  this is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets.
monteux is a commune of the vaucluse département in southern france, in the area provence-alpes-côte d'azur.
one of the key figures in the english dictionary was david simon.
<|startoftext|>
at the moment of the interview a muslims consider karbala to be one of their holyest cities after Mecca, medina, jerusalem and najaf.
Thaksin shinawatra, samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat were appointed by the government, in which the
travel to a remote place or place, on isolated tracks requires advance planning and a suitable, reliable vehicle  usually a four wheel drive.
he built the fisher building in 1928.
this is the first time we have seen this in history.
British pop band britpop appeared from the british independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterised by bands influenced by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
this was absorbed into battalions being formed for xi international brigade.
a train on the west side of the line will travel on a longer segment of the line than the other two subway lines, and shorter trains will be run on the west side of the line.
a small city in the interior of london.
it was located within three miles of the city of london.
a short article that is a summary of the topic that a story is about.
the first school of yeshiva built in arabia.
eugowra is named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill ".
Untie your tie.
the national state is a self-governing authority. This authority is governed by the central executive and legislative branches of government and has an elected national representative in the national assembly
we had an hour before the next day when the police stopped us because the police didn't want us to wear a hat.
the state capital is aracaju pop. --
there are two main parts of the paper : the first section deals with the history of the island, the second section is dedicated to the economy of the island.
it is considered as a best practice to limit the duration of the sentence.
the following sentences will be simplified if they have the given SARI score. 1.
this township was occupied during the war in 1915.
the university was founded in 1863.
prospects from california, europe and china were also digging along the peel river and up the mountain slopes.
before the advent of the pocket calculator, it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering.
the first fire brigade was founded in 1916.
yogurt is a dairy product produced by bacterial fermentation of milk.
50 more people are in the hall of fame than any other current position, while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
at the end of the war, the nazis were able to kill many of the civilian population.
album was banned from many record stores nationwide.
and the leg length is also similar to the size of a normal person.
In April 2007, the then director of the university of harvard was named the president of the organization.
the two airlines agreed to carry out the new partnership for a future phase
a group of men in france started to build an ice car in the early 1970's.
the first man that was to hold his own as the president of the republic of armenia in the first presidential election of the republic of armenia was alexander tamanian.
it was estimated that there were between 300,000 and 400,000 birds in the world.
as a result of the war in france, the country became united.
orchestration stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913.
test.org's anti-gangs site
at the end of the day, all the best have died.
roof tiles dating back to the tang dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of chang'an
jeanne Marie Marie-Madeleine Demessieux  february 13, 1921 november 11, 1968 , was a french organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
the first of all the instruments was built in 1159.
a story which goes back to a time when assisi was located in a region called swansea.
it has a solid structure, which is not possible to make with metals.
it was one of the many factories that created the new york city factory.
the first university in the english country was founded in 1612 by  benjamin christopher.
the last war was ended in 1991.
is a form of matching in which the match is given an appropriate name.
smoke, drink, or take drugs in pregnancy or in the first trimester of childbearing?
defiantly, she vowed to never renounce the commune and decided to commit suicide.
a girl named s.v. is a very special girl, who has a talent to learn a new language every
the english writer james walter had a small penbook in his library and wrote several articles in the form of stories and articles on the history of english
this was a post or advertisement for a company.
was a poet and singer from the early 20th century.
one of the largest logging enterprises in australia, the mining company, has proposed to take over the forest park of montane lake, which is also the
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in montreal, Quebec.
small value inductors can be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors.
The first book of rathke's book, gribble was written in 1799, and the author first published it in 1815.
Blunt-force trauma injury is defined as a traumatic injury sustained by the use of a sharp object such as a hammer or a knife.
the lord of the land at the centre of town is lord wandsworth.
a skater from australia was given the chance to achieve a double axel in competition.
the new train system can now transport passenger trains from the ports of kellner, london and sherbrooke.
one of the people who was born on the day of the moon in 1727 was born in the year of 1392.
A group of people were walking along a bank road and saw an ant. They stopped and asked the woman who had just disappeared if she was still there. She had not replied.
computer performance is characterized by the amount of useful work accomplished by a computer system compared to the time and resources used.
a large reservoir is located at the junction of the volga with the rms.
the crosier symbolises the monasteries of the region.
people should take a very light snack.
bankers from shorebank  helped yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation..
report bremer.
players for the national association vote for the all-star team at the end of the regular season.
this is a list of countries on the eastern border of asia pacific.
nupedia was founded on march 9, 2000, under the ownership of bomis, inc.
The following sentence is a simplified version of the sentence above. The sentence is also a simplified version of the sentence above. The sentences are presented here to assist the students in reading and understanding a sentence.
wandsworth college has a very strong reputation in the rugby union  world.
a local church has become part of a public library.
the first experimental results of the quark model were published in 1964.
the fifth ring was added in 1914 27 when the column was moved to its present location.
a paper article by an american scientist by the name of john james james james james james james james james james james james james james james james james james james james james james james james james james james james james james james james james james james
at the beginning of the 19th century, a university was founded at thailand.
it is adjacent to lord wandsworth college.
polymers are a natural way of compositing textile fibers. Polymerization is a chemical reaction between two parts of the same chemical composition. Usually polymerization occurs under the action of water.
the book was first published in the spring of 2014 by an artist.
this girl was born in a town named a few miles from the capital of france.
Stands were eventually added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernised.
a town may be correctly described as market town or market rights.
in the past decade, a number of developments have happened in the field of electronic medical records (EMRs). The first step was the use of EMRs to monitor patients in the hospital. EMRs are now widely used in clinical practice, and the information in the EMRs is easily accessible.
-  - - -  - - -  -  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
the people of all four southern territories of the republic of armenia are the victims of the murder of the great tsar alexander tsar. 
the former Yugoslav republic of serbia, the former Yugoslav republic of montenegro, and the former Yugoslav republic of russia have all achieved independence since 1 January 1993.
The most common problems that you would face are in the text editor. The following problem will show you how to resolve this problem.
the police did not arrest a single person in the city in recent years.
the castle was built in the thirteenth century.
an organization that has a mandate to help develop the culture of peace.
punk the first time in the history of the united states, and one of the great powers of the time.
a passenger who was in the car had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger.
it is the most expensive boat.
the conference papers were published in book in a series of economics papers by phelps et al.
wario land the wario land series is a platforming series that started with wario land : super mario land 3, a spin-off of the super mario land series.
the next time you hear a classical piece you will feel that you have a different experience of classical music.
this is one of the most difficult exercises for all of us.  We have to get the right answer.  We have to answer both questions.  There are two ways to solve the simple sentence.
the first shipment of gold, copper and iron to china arrived on 16 October 1707.
the name and location of the new york city apartment complex at 2224 block d are the same as the name and location of the original york city apartment complex at 2424 block d.
she is now the authoritative editor of her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel.
mercury is similar in appearance to the moon : it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains, has no natural satellites and no substantial atmosphere.
geography the town lies in the limmat valley between baden and zürich.
These ideally provide excellent habitat for chinkara, hog deer and blue bull. 
after the sena dynasty, dhaka was successively ruled by the turkish and Afghan governors descending from the delhi sultanate before the arrival of the m
the prime minister stays in office only as long as he or she retain the support of the lower house.
he was a true humanitarian, he saved the lives of others and died in their frontiers in 1944.
it was later used to represent the country of russia by the tsar tsarine tsarina, the tsarist republic of russia.
concert hall.
hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper florida keys, as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region.
the first statue of goddess hindu mahatma gandhi was constructed in 1973.
the dome of the main church has been restored entirely.
the chinese panda and the elephants.
the church of maryland was built in 1149.
forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been recorded.
saturday: the police found him in the town hall of his residence and arrested him for assault.
the president of the united states was an american.
he was a member of the company of frank gardiner.
heavy rain fell across portions of britain on october 5, causing localized accumulation of flood waters.
at least two of the following sentences are correct:
i want to thank you
the last man, or the last man of all men, died in 1904.
a library system is a collection of collections that a library has been built, with a particular focus on providing information for its students, students who have attended one of the universities that have its collections, and students who have attended the community college in which the library is located.
a number of important developments occurred in america from the mid-19th century until the outbreak of the great depression.
i dont know how to explain to you these things.
in april 2000, minix became a free open source system.
the body color of the female actor of the film "romance".
the united kingdom was established in 1769.
a report written by the district nazi leader, hermann engst, shows that authorities were planning to punish kellner at the conclusion of the war.
firebombs was used during the initial stages of combat.
the war lasted from 1941 until 1944.
the government was under the impression that the price of oil would rise sharply in the coming years.
he fell in the river from the roof of sydney cove several times before being shot dead in 1796.
they were ordered by the district nazi leaders to surrender.
after the second game got underway, the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance had not been up to veeck's usual promotional standard.
the first movie with a good title.
a mutant is a fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics.
the sit reasoning test is a test that evaluates students's ability to apply the principles of reasoning and mathematics to solve complex problems.  The sit reasoning test assesses students' ability to formulate and evaluate realistic scenarios, and can also
there was a lot of noise around the place.
some reports read that several factors increase the likelihood of paralysis and hallucinations.
it is transportation to australia for 7 years.
there was a large city in india named koonapur and its capital was koon
she was a close friend of the russian mystic grigori rasputin.
the dorsal is located at the caudal end of the limb.
the term " protein " itself was coined by berzelius, after mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be
it is now part of the west bank.
the second cloister was built on the south side of the town of bourgoin-jallieu in the village of bourgoin, north of paris.
the last two lines of the sentences were simplified by the SARI score.
it is adjacent to university avenue.
from the book, the following sentence must be read.
the western region of the state of kalta is located on the western coast of kalta. It has a population of more than 1.2 million and is home to the state university of kalta and the university of kalta.
a report of the international medical association shows that myocardial infarction and ventricular arrhythmia are associated with mortality rates of about 10 percent, while arrhythmia and sudden cardiac death can be both of about 50 percent.
the last book of my bookshelf was completed by david watson  in 2016.
the first man of the tsar alexander ii died of cancer.
anyone may register a pedigree with the college.
there was a large increase in the number of graduates from schools in the province in 2000.
in november 1987, the federal government was given the task to create a country to be called the united arab emirates, with
the austrian general mp on his way to sieversdorf, is seen by his army commander, the general mack
a report written by the district nazi leader, hermann engst, shows that authorities were planning to punish kellner at the conclusion of the war.
we have to find all those sentences that use this compound in the form of a compound that is preceded by a compound in a similar meaning.
meteora won the award of the national award by the committee of band awards and honors.
after a brief stand-off, the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked kane and jericho.
all the songs were written by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman.
slavs started to move into the area.
at the time of construction of the campus in 1914, a hall of honor was installed in the hall. the hall had a
it is adjacent to lord wandsworth college.
the president was deposed by the overseers in 1960.
one of the first things to consider when making your essay proposal is your topic.
The second day of our visit to london, i had the chance to meet a very famous painter and philosopher, jacob jones. jacob jones was also the son of the first president of the world, i think john jacobs, and is the
a company in china was selected for a new product to replace the old one.
the first international symphony orchestra was set up in colombia.
it was on its way to the lake.
in recent years, karoly has taken part in several solo and orchestral projects.
glinde got its town charter.
the first and only university in the world, to be established by english professors.
the vagina is remarkably elastic and stretches to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth.
a very interesting sentence in russian that says :
the number of substances inhibiting a biological process or component of a process, i.e. an enzyme, cell, cell
and the next time you meet someone, tell him or her something about your favorite book or film.
the last two sentences were written before the war and they show a sentence which should be simplified.
in her opinion, there are no limitations on the number of words in an expression.
the string is vibrating in different modes just as a guitar string can produce different notes, and every mode appears as a different particle : electron, photon, gluon, etc.
the state is required to provide the services for free medical examination for all children aged 1 and under.