adjacent counties are marin -lrb- in south -rrb-, mendocino -lrb- in north -rrb-, lake -lrb- northeast -rrb-, napa -lrb- in east -rrb-, and solano and contra costa -lrb- to southeast -rrb-.
a Georgian inscription around the drum attests to its name.
they would later return to the revived series in the 2008 Christmas special "The Next Doctor", introducing two new variations of the race; the Cyber-Shadows and the Cyber-King.
jameson 's autobiography how to have sex like a pornstar : a cautionary tale was released august 17 , 2004 .
it is particularly renowned for the cultivation of kiwis.
singles competition -lrb- 2002 – 2003 -rrb- after years in the tag team division, Hardy faced the undertaker in a ladder match for the undisputed championship.
many churches work together for city-wide projects under the banner "churches together in stevenage".
Word processing templates bypass the initial setup and configuration time needed to create standardized documents such as a resume.
Rollins retired in 1962 and chose to become a coach.
history landsberg prison , located on the western outskirts of the city , was completed in 1910 .
a hunting dog refers to any dog ​​that assists humans in hunting.
the Nicaean Empire succeeded in seizing Constantinople and the rest of the Latin Empire, thus re-establishing the Byzantine Empire.
this led scientists to re-examine old photos again, and the satellite was eventually found in the images.
Marcel Junod -lrb- 1904-1961 -rrb- , a doctor from Geneva, was another famous delegate during the Second World War.
whisenhunt's career as a player included 4 years -lrb- 1985-88 -rrb- as a tight end with the atlanta falcons, who drafted him in the twelfth round, then dating with the washington redskins and the jets New York .
in exchange , romania cedes three districts in the south of bessarabia to russia and acquires dobrogea .
In March 2001, the World Wrestling Federation purchased the World Wrestling Championship.
west coast blues is a type of blues music characterized by jazz and jump blues influences, loud piano-dominated sounds, and jazzy guitar solos, which originated from blues players from texas who moved to california in the 1940s .
later visits reported seeing the flag flying from places of honor.
agriculture dwellers grow seasonal crops such as maize -lrb-makai -rrb- and wheat -lrb-kanak -rrb-.
in 2004, roy was selected as the greatest goaltender in nhl history by a panel of 41 reviewers, coupled with a concurrent fan poll.
frances was then absorbed by an extratropical cyclone on November 21.
Tracking northwest, the low moved inshore near Fort Walton Beach early on September 22, and soon after dissipated over southeast Alabama.
anthony mcgill is the principal clarinetist of the metropolitan opera.
the author -lrb- s -rrb- and the publisher -lrb- s -rrb- of the document do not hereby grant permission to use their names for publicity purposes or to assert or imply the approval of any modified version.
British Rail Class 91 is a class of 140 mph -lrb- 225 km/h -rrb- , 4.54 mw / 6,300 hp electric locomotives ordered as part of the Mainline Modernization and Electrification Program of the east coast of the late 1980s.
the premiere received a 2.79 rating, making it the highest-rated show on cable in its time slot.
it is claimed that thousands of people were impaled at one time.
the name "hornet" is used for this and related species mainly because of their habit of making aerial nests -lrb- similar to true hornets -rrb- rather than underground nests.
in 1589 salt began to be made in sunderland.
some trails are designated as nature trails and are used by people experiencing the natural world.
In August 2007, Hager was reassigned to Florida Championship Wrestling, where he began a feud with TJ Wilson.
these rock formations are typically composed of sandstone with layers of quartz.
Notably absent from the city are fortifications and military structures.
san francisco bay is located in the american state of california, surrounded by a contiguous region known as the san francisco bay area, dominated by the major cities of san francisco, oakland and san jose.
adrastea was discovered by david c. jewitt and g. Edward Danielson in Voyager 2 probe photographs taken July 8, 1979 and received the designation .
Picasa Web Albums was first released on June 6, 2006.
it is probably a primitive body composed of carbonates.
anyway, artemis was born first and later helped birth apollo.
the park has become a traditional venue for mass protests.
Breaking Dawn is the fourth and final novel in the Twilight series by Stephenie Meyer.
the main town is abingdon, other locations include faringdon and wantage.
the town has about 5700 inhabitants.
42 – 59 external links 2001 Census, accessed November. 29, 2006 geo.
it was discovered by a team of astronomers from the university of hawaii led by scott s. Sheppard et al.
Nocturnes is an orchestral composition in three movements by French composer Claude Debussy.
the Alexandrian Life of Aeschylus indicates that the playwright won the first prize of the city's Dionysia thirteen times.
Calvinism gained popularity in Scandinavia , especially Sweden , but was rejected in favor of Lutheranism after the 1593 Synod of Uppsala .
he was vacationing in germany the following summer when the first world war broke out.
In order to achieve their goal, surveyors use elements of geometry, engineering, trigonometry, mathematics, physics, and law.
given their low metabolic rate and low prey density at such depths, vampire squid must employ innovative predator avoidance tactics in order to conserve energy.
in the 1950s, camus devoted his efforts to human rights.
Iron Maiden, released on April 14, 1980, is the debut album by heavy metal band Iron Maiden.
The Vezina Trophy is awarded annually to the National Hockey League goaltender who is “deemed the best in that position.”
it was discovered by a team of astronomers from the university of hawaii led by scott s. Sheppard in 2000, and given the temporary designation.
hydra appears to be spectrally neutral like charon and nix, although pluto is reddish.
therefore, the key factors of an rtos are minimal interrupt latency and minimal thread switching latency.
the crescent moon "represents a young nation on the rise".
alu is a fundamental building block of a computer's central processing unit -lrb-cpu-rrb-, and even the simplest microprocessors contain one for purposes such as maintaining timers.
probably in the ninth century the village became part of the territory of the monastery of reichenau.
at the 2008 cannes film festival, alain siritzky announced that a global search was underway to find a new emmanuelle to star in a new series of films.
Hardy also cites "burn out" and the need for time off as reasons for leaving WWE.
q is the seventeenth letter of the basic modern Latin alphabet.
among the victims were two missing fishermen.
this book itself is out of print after being published with nine short stories in the collection la saga digne -lrb- 1990 -rrb-.
the 1977 Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 1, 1977, and lasted until November 30, 1977.
due to the Cold War, subsequent trials never took place.
Dundee has two universities — University of Abertay Dundee and University of Dundee.
john paul stevens -lrb- born april 20, 1920 -rrb- is the senior associate justice of the united states supreme court.
for a time both the old and new station platforms operated, before the original station closed permanently and was demolished.
however, all of the storms that affected Arizona formed in the latter parts of the Pacific hurricane season, and only remnant storms made landfall in the state before August.
the two Byzantine epidemics during the 8th and 9th centuries were unusual in that the use of images was the main issue in dispute, rather than a byproduct of broader concerns.
it was discovered by a team of astronomers from the university of hawaii led by scott s. shepherd in 2003, receiving the temporary designation.
the French word bourgeois evolved from the Old French word burgeis, meaning "an inhabitant of a city" -lrb- cf.
the book of nehemiah is a book of the hebrew bible, historically considered a continuation of the book of ezra, and is sometimes referred to as the second book of ezra.
the gravity of the erotic surface varies considerably, since eros is not a sphere but an elongated object in the shape of a peanut -lrb- or a potato or a shoe -rrb-.
Definition overview The key idea behind a reed–solomon code is that the encoded data is first visualized as a polynomial.
The WWF consisted of Stone Cold Steve Austin, Kurt Angle, Chris Jericho, Kane and the Undertaker, all of whom faced off against the team of DDP, Booker T, Rhyno and the Dudley Boys.
memory locations can also be renamed, although this is not commonly done to the extent practiced in registry renaming.
disputes between European and Chinese miners escalated into brawls in Daylesford and Castlemaine.
tourism is concentrated in the mountains, particularly around the towns of davos/arosa, laax and st. moritz / pontresina .
it was discovered on February 27, 1995.
they were introduced to europe in 1846 by robert fortune, collector for the horticultural society of london, and soon after to north america.
he began this form of ministry in 1947 and continued until recently.
Anne Frank was deported on the last train from Westerbork.
upper body sleeveless shirt tank top , female drummer , singlet sleeveless t-shirt like garment .
the moon is very elongated, with its minor axis 0.5 ± 0.1 times the major axis.
they claimed to be playing April Fool's Day, but most people who saw the signs didn't know that expression.
a parallel to the tributaries is the distributary, a river that branches off and branches away from the main stream.
the inner eyewall dissipated as a 23 mile -lrb- 37 km -rrb- outer eyewall became dominant, and simultaneously the overall organization of the hurricane improved.
the white sox play in the central division of the american league.
during the discovery of damocles, in 1991 by robert h. mcnaught, it turned out to be in a completely different orbit than any other known.
the blake river megacaldera complex is considered a supervolcano due to its large size and multiple levees and vents.
six species live in the greater Caribbean region, including the queen conch, and the West Indian fighting conch, strombus pugilis.
with its completion in 1992, uninterrupted water transport was made possible between the North Sea and the Black Sea.
global temperatures could increase by 1.1 to 6.4°c -lrb- 2.0 and 11.5°f -rrb- during the 21st century -lrb- table 3 -rrb- and that: sea level will probably increase from 18 to 59 cm -lrb- 7.08 to 23.22 in -rrb- -lsb- table 3 -rsb- .
in fact, Angle announced that he would have neck surgery in May and be out of action until August.
these flies are clothed in black or pale hairs -lrb- white or golden -rrb-, and are themselves either black or metallic green or blue.
packaged instant soups come in several varieties: a package of dry soup broth -lrb- like the ramen picture below -rrb- .
since 1980 the senior pastor has been John Piper.
it aims to be fast and light, while being visually appealing and easy to use.
subsequent campaigns were more or less successful and the imperial exarchate was established in ravenna to oversee italy, although in reality imperial influence was often limited.
September 13 – astronomers from the European Southern Observatory -lrb- eso -rrb- announce images that appear to show a planet orbiting a brown dwarf about 230 light-years away.
in 1919, all major pro-independence factions formed the shanghai provisional government.
this has the advantage of a uniformly distributed spatial resolution without singularities -lrb- i.e. poles -rrb- at the expense of a somewhat greater numerical difficulty.
one winter night, she was left alone as her son and his wife went to a basketball game.
since then, the medal has been awarded 1,356 times to 1,353 recipients.
justification is seen by Protestants as the theological fault line that separated Catholics from Protestants during the Reformation, e.g., Kurt Aland, A History of Christianity, Vol.
the tornado destroyed 20 homes, severely damaged 30 others, injured one person and knocked out power to approximately 300 people.
Ban has been actively involved in issues relating to inter-Korean relations.
ensure the food supply is free from contamination.
the series returned from a hiatus on February 7, 2007, and aired at 10:00 p.m.
the hot metal straightener glided easily through the hair, causing less damage and dryness than previously used techniques.
partnerships since 1990 the district has a partnership with the main-kinzig district in hesse, germany.
his articles are now carried by archives of press releases like world news, scoop.
geography the caucasus mountains are generally seen as a dividing line between asia and europe, and the territories of the caucasus are alternately considered part of one or both continents.
description the anchovy is a small green fish with bluish reflections due to a silvery longitudinal band which starts from the base of the caudal fin.
other users and bots can modify pages in your user area, although by convention your user page is generally not modified by others.
diacritics and non-English letters are ignored, while numeric entries such as "1812, war of" are alphabetized as if the number had been written -lrb- "eighteen-twelve, war of"- rrb-.
luis suárez miramontes -lrb- born may 2, 1935 -rrb- is a former spanish footballer and coach.
coupled with the aggressive expansion and expanded menu came the outsourcing of baked goods.
these profits are in some ways similar to those made by owners of infrastructure capital that produces more goods, for example a factory that produces automobiles just as an apple tree produces apples.
greenland first came up with the idea of ​​having its own flag in 1973 when five greenlanders came up with a green, white and blue flag.
they can also be used as a general test tube substitute, especially when a larger volume is desired.
Grosse Ile Township is a civil township in Wayne County in the US state of Michigan.
In the respective singles matches, John Cena defeated Sabu in an Extreme Lumberjack match, which featured superstars from Raw and ECW at ringside.
tiko united fc is a cameroonian football club based in tiko.
in 1998, she took part in the backing vocals of “it's too late” from the refugee camp, a cover of carroll king.
tube sound -lrb- or valve sound -rrb- is the characteristic sound associated with a vacuum tube audio amplifier.
great seal of the united states francis hopkinson assisted the second committee that designed the great seal of the united states.
he was responsible for the music, the organ, the direction of the songs and the choir, etc.
The Renault Vel Satis is an executive car produced by the French manufacturer Renault.
Neptune is the eighth and furthest known planet from the sun in the solar system.
riluzole does not reverse damage already done to motor neurons, and patients taking the drug should be monitored for liver damage and other possible side effects.
Hurwicz was inducted into the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1965.
in 1997, ignacio ramonet, editor-in-chief of the diplomatic world, revived the debate around the tobin tax with an editorial entitled “disarming the markets”.
Description Pack rats are common in the deserts and highlands of the western United States and northern Mexico.
the parliamentary courts of the old French regime are created.
wilbur repays charlotte by bringing home the bag of eggs -lrb- her "magnum opus" -rrb- that she had laid at the fair before she died.
she helped Theseus defeat the minotaur and later became the wife of the god Dionysus.
nessler an early alternative method of curling hair that was suitable for use on people was invented in 1905 by german hairdresser charles nessler -lrb- 1872 – 1951 -rrb- .
in 1972, arsonists set fire to the bunker.
After finishing her wrestling career, James plans to own a farm and train horses.
the new government in 1816 created the districts steinfurt and tecklenburg.
add an appropriate copyright notice for your edits alongside the other copyright notices.
above the boxes, the scala has always had a gallery where the less fortunate can attend performances.
it is located 44 miles -lrb- 71 km -rrb- northeast of pittsburgh, along the east bank of the allegheny river.
Initially, elastic sweatbands were issued to each member of the Street Crime Unit, based on the chosen color of the day: start of use of the color of the day recognition system.
solar thermal power plants can usually be built in a few years because solar power plants are built almost entirely with modular and readily available materials.
Daniel Waters has also been recognized for his screenplay, which won a 1990 Edgar Award.
the official municipal key, formerly known as the official municipal characteristic number or municipal code number, is a sequence of digits used to identify politically independent municipalities or unincorporated areas.
at least 537 deaths have been attributed to Hanna, mostly in Haiti.
the term most commonly refers to higher plants, but there are also epiphytic bacteria, -lrb- fungi, epiphytic -rrb- fungi, algae, lichens, mosses, and ferns.
in 2005, stallone also inducted wrestling icon hulk hogan, who appeared in rocky iii as a wrestler named thunderlips, into the wwe hall of fame; stallone was also the person who gave hogan the cameo in rocky iii.
even if a contribution violates the specific wording of a rule, it may be a good contribution.
they must try to find a way home by using plotholes to teleport between dimensional realms.
When Bonham Carter was only five years old, his mother suffered a severe nervous breakdown, from which it took her three years to recover.
all members of this genus were once considered part of the same species, calomyscus bailwardi, but they are now referred to as separate species due to major differences in chromosome number, skull measurements, and other characteristics.
neodymium is a chemical element with symbol nd and atomic number 60.
More formally, vorticity can be related to the amount of "circulation" or "rotation" -lrb- or more strictly, to the local angular velocity of rotation -rrb- in a fluid.
the fluctuations of this linear horizon describe all matter, so that each elementary particle can be described by a mode of oscillation of a very small segment or loop of string.
in biology and demography, fecundity is the potential reproductive capacity of an organism or population, measured by the number of gametes -lrb-, eggs -rrb-, seeds or asexual propagules.
Stone Cold then dragged a referee into the ring, but in a deflection, kicked Kurt Angle in the face, hit him with a stunner and put Booker T on top of Kurt Angle and told the referee to count.
in February 1942 he was hospitalized, later claiming it was due to a nervous breakdown related to ethnic cleansing in Belarus, specifically the genocide of the Jews.
the forest may support an understory of shrubs and herbaceous plants, including grasses.
it has a black beak, crimson eyes and a cry reminiscent of a dog's bark.
what the Spaniards then called “chocolatl” was a drink made from a chocolate base flavored with vanilla and other spices that was served cold.
some of the animals weighed as much as 700 kg -lrb- 1,500 lb -rrb- or possibly more.
these exist, associated with starch, in the endosperm of certain grass-related cereals, including wheat, rye, and barley.
Eraldo Pecci -lrb- born April 12, 1955 -rrb- is a former Italian footballer.
the bells of lüdinghausen would have rung of themselves whenever liudger entered the town.
A Feast for Crows is the fourth of seven planned novels in A Song of Ice and Fire, an epic fantasy series by American author George RR Martin.
food coloring is used in both commercial food production and home cooking.
at the outbreak of war in august 1914, the regiment went to france and engaged in the first battles.
brunswick is a city in the state of georgia and the county seat of glynn.
the name of the color is derived from the typical color of the champagne drink.
references external links studylight version of wycliffe's bible -lrb- 1395 -rrb- searchable by sentence or chapter/verse reference .
it is an f-type asteroid, which means that it is very dark in coloration -lrb- darker than soot -rrb- with a carbonaceous composition.
if you disagree, explain yourself using the talk pages and give others the opportunity to do the same.
this is a list of German chancellors since 1871 by longevity.
thalassa is irregular in shape and shows no signs of geological modification.
introduction The conservation of electrical energy is an important element of energy policy.
the film stars al pacino, john cazale, chris sarandon, james broderick and charles durning.
He left for the bush a fortnight later, apparently with some provisions, an iron pot and a musket stolen from a sailor named Abraham Hand.
the band sought to recreate the recording experience of a still life and once again entered the studio with minimal rehearsals and no written lyrics.
Hartmann died of an aneurysm in 1873.
in addition, he also unsuccessfully contested the saarbrücken constituency.
today the garden is divided into sections containing the botanical school, gardens, ponds, greenhouses and various buildings.
the school's athletic teams are nicknamed the Eagles.
Pompeii has transformed into a much more public and open place.
Spurgeon was emotionally devastated by the event and it had a sobering influence on his life.
highest elevation in puerto rico, cerro de punta -lrb- 4,390 feet; 1,338 m -rrb-, is located in this range.
external links on a rock dust fad diet, how the henry homeyer garden grows, june 24, 2004, new york times.
health considerations early surgical abortion is a simple procedure that is safer than childbirth when performed before the 16th week.
Mattimeo is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques, published in 1989.
in addition to the city of gouda in the netherlands, gouda may refer to: gouda -lrb- cheese -rrb- gouda -lrb- pottery -rrb- gouda -lrb- slang -rrb- gouda , south africa, a city of the western cape province of south africa.
tpl then sold a conservation easement over the entire property to the state of florida, while polk county purchased the gardens portion of the property, minus the development rights conveyed in the easement from the state .
the arrival of the two mice cheers him up.
The film premiered in Mexico City on December 21, 1944.
like the beatles, they came from liverpool and were managed by brian epstein.
warrington is a large town, borough and unitary authority area in cheshire, england.
the province has an area of ​​3,125 km² which is divided into eight administrative districts -lrb- arrondissementen -rrb- containing 64 municipalities.
helene developed into a "hybrid" storm with both tropical and extratropical characteristics that afternoon, with both a deep warm core and an asymmetric frontal appearance.
some indigenous groups living in palm-rich areas use the palms to make many of their necessary items and foods.
it has a shaving head made up of knives that cut the hairs entering the shaver head at skin level.
bartolo believes the count has been arrested, but almaviva only has to mention his name to the officer to be released.
Apparently after her death, Shah Jahan went into isolated mourning for a year.
Since its inception, the distro has become very different from Slackware in many ways while maintaining compatibility with its binary packages.
it started as an unimportant race in 1996 , but due to the increasing popularity of cycling in germany , it was incorporated into the uci road world cup in 1998 .
however, the mineralogy of x-type asteroids is not well enough known to constrain this further.
the altitude of the department decreases towards the east, with the lowest altitude in the valley of the siret river.
Tresca alleged that before disappearing, Poyntz told her of his disgust at the Great Terror of Joseph Stalin.
it was founded around 1958–1959 by Malaclypse the Younger with the publication of its main text, the principia discordia.
In 2003, the Wi-Fi Alliance announced that wep had been replaced by Wi-Fi Protected Access -lrb-wpa -rrb-, which was a subset of the upcoming 802.11i amendment.
in the study of faust, the poodle turns into the devil -lrb- mephistopheles -rrb-.
Post-hardcore is a musical genre that evolved from hardcore punk, itself an offshoot of the broader punk rock movement.
n-dubz are a mobo award-winning hip hop group from london based in the town of camden.
in the 1935-36 season, thompson became the first goalie to get an assist by intentionally passing the puck with his stick to another player.
tazz defeated al snow -lrb- 5:20 -rrb- tazz forced snow into submission with the tazzmission.
it is located in the southeastern part of the state, on the shore of a lake called the tollensesee -lrb- 18 km² -rrb-.
as well as current kit sponsors for bayern munich, ferencvárosi tc and west bromwich albion, t-mobile was everton's co-sponsor with the one2one brand and they also sponsored the 2002 youth fa cup final.
today the bridge crosses the valley of the tarn above its lowest point, connecting two limestone plateaus, the causse du larzac and the causse rouge, and is part of the perimeter of the regional natural park of the grands causses.
the name was announced as thrym in iau circular 8177.
in Christianity, an archbishop is an elevated bishop.
it is mainly found in papua new guinea at altitudes between 2000 and 3000 meters.
iridophores are plaques of chitin or protein, which can reflect the environment around a cuttlefish.
It includes the eastern half of the island of Timor, the neighboring islands of Atauro and Jaco, and Oecussi-Ambeno, an exclave on the northwest side of the island, within Indonesian West Timor.
the track, then known as "lovin' you", was largely improvised and featured a wealth of sound effects and samples of sci-fi radio plays, nature sounds and "lovin' you" by Minnie Riperton.
decree n°56/cmln of october 20, 1973 prescribed the coat of arms of the republic of mali.
Serbian leader Stefan Nemanja begins his only reign.
since independence, botswana has experienced one of the fastest per capita income growth rates in the world.
they offer many desirable characteristics for use as ornamental, lumber, firewood, and pulpwood.
the state covers an area of ​​74,122 square miles -lrb- 191,976 km² -rrb- or 5.83% of the total geographical area of ​​india.
the petitions at the end of the hymn -lrb- beginning salvum fac populum tuum -rrb- are a selection of verses from the Book of Psalms, later appended to the original hymn.
louis xiii -lrb- september 27, 1601 – may 14, 1643 -rrb- reigned as king of france and navarre from 1610 to 1643.
economy the majority of the inhabitants of marske do not work in the city , but work in the close industry or in middlesbrough or redcar .
shortly after he released a cover of Leo Sayer's When I Need You as a single, which reached number 5 in the UK charts, as well as a follow-up single titled Whatever I Do, which reached number 23.
palestinian prime minister abbas resigns -lrb- cnn -rrb- before being named prime minister, abbas headed the plo's negotiations affairs department.
in 1824, van diemen's land became a colony in its own right.
he is released back into the wild, now with more adult feathers and a tracking device strapped to his back, and brings humans home to his home colony.
he is also musical director of the mozart orchestra in bologna, italy.
in addition to selling conventional merchandise, jc penney stores often house several leased departments such as sephora, optical, portrait studios, jewelry and watch repair, and more.
in india it is more often called the syrian chaldean church.
in 1843, john couch adams calculated the orbit of a hypothetical eighth planet that would explain the motion of uranus.
Nevin returned to America in 1887 and settled in Boston, where he taught and occasionally performed in concerts.
A photograph of Simon Rodia is included on the Beatles' SGT album cover. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band, released in 1967.
the mercenaries meet ripley, and their youngest member calls -lrb- winona ryder -rrb- recognizes her name.
the depression gradually became better organized and was determined to have become a tropical depression the next morning when it was 50 mi -lrb- 80 km -rrb- northeast of the nicaragua/honduras border.
Lot-et-Garonne is a department in southwestern France named after the Lot and Garonne rivers.
From 1954 to 1957, Annan attended the elite mfantsipim school, a Cape Coast Methodist boarding school founded in the 1870s.
Obsidian has been used in heart surgery because well-designed obsidian blades have an edge many times sharper than high-grade steel surgical scalpels, with the edge of the blade being only about 3 nanometers wide.
after napier initially took military control of the region by forcing an agreement with the emirs of sind, his forces attacked imamgarh fortress.
some of his aggressive actions, sometimes described as liberal interventionist, were highly controversial at the time and remain so today.
valencia cultivation in orange county had all but ceased by the mid-1990s due to rising costs of ownership, which drove most of what was left of the southern orange industry from California to Florida.
the buildings of bayeux remained virtually intact during the battle of normandy, with german forces being fully involved in the defense of caen against the allies.
First Fleet is the name given to the 11 ships which left Great Britain on 13 May 1787 with around 1,487 personnel to establish the first European settlement in New South Wales.
trigonometric functions are important in the study of triangles and the modeling of periodic phenomena, among many other applications.
among this group are species with some of the most potent venoms of any snake.
he was considered by many to be a saint.
at the height of its glory, ani had between 100,000 and 200,000 inhabitants and rivaled constantinople, baghdad and cairo.
as demand for coal waned after World War II, mines began to close across the region, causing mass unemployment.
Donald has become the most popular Disney character in Scandinavia.
compared to other species, human childbirth is dangerous.
The family moved to Vienna in 1907 where they changed the Czech Slavic name from "zajtich" to the coined German "seyss-inquart".
paul gray -lrb- #2 -rrb- active: 1995–present instruments: bass, backing vocals release contributions: all slipknot releases paul gray was a member of the original band formed in 1995.
contrary to the Hollywood portrayal of schizophrenics, the mentally ill are essentially no more prone to violence than sane individuals.
The Lion King 1 ½ -LRB- also known as The Lion King 3: Hakuna Matata in some countries -RRB- is an American live-action animated film released by Walt Disney Home Entertainment on February 10, 2004.
this era coincides with the medieval warm period -lrb- 800 1300 -rrb- and ends with the beginning of the small glaciation -lrb- around 1250 1850 -rrb- .
bagnotar is one of 51 union councils in abbottabad district in the north west frontier province of pakistan.
the first driver to win multiple championships was alberto ascari, in 1952 and 1953.
Adam Smith, a college graduate student, is perhaps its best-known alumnus.
A bulldog, also known as the British bulldog or English bulldog, is a breed of dog whose origins can be traced back to England.
the relocation process is not yet complete and dar es salaam remains the main city in tanzania.
It is one of nine species of leaf-eating kangaroos identified in fossils found in Naracoorte Caves National Park.
Pakistan's founder Muhammad Ali Jinnah expressed admiration for Turkey's founding leader Mustafa Kemal Atatürk and expressed a desire to develop Pakistan on the Turkish model of modernism and secularism.
one half continued to run northward, affecting the central United States along its track, and was last discernible in the eastern Great Lakes region on August 31st.
there are many legends about the origins of boxing in greece.
the city of sunderland has been repeatedly praised for its commitment to preserving its natural faculties.
after suffering severe frostbite on the eastern front in late 1942, he served as offizier für wehrgeistige führung -lrb- political officer -rrb- at the anti-aircraft artillery school at altenstadt, near schongau .
images taken after the probe landed show a flat plain covered with pebbles.
the third digit designates the government district -lrb- in areas without government districts, a zero is used instead -rrb-.
vedic soma in the vedas, the soma is depicted as sacred and as a god -lrb- deva -rrb-.
January 30 Indian pacifist and leader Mahatma Gandhi is assassinated by Nathuram Godse.
she first gained popularity in playboy, becoming playmate of the year 1993.
Archers of Loaf were an American indie rock band from Chapel Hill, North Carolina.
to prevent opponents from guessing the key using a brute force attack, the key space is usually designed to be extremely large.
Benrath's first church was built in 1002.
Style In Bruegel's later years, he painted in a simpler style than the Italianate art prevalent in his time.
corpses were often left to rot for months.
ecw background After world wrestling entertainment -lrb- wwe -rrb- purchased all of the assets of extreme Championship wrestling -lrb- ecw -rrb- in 2003, the company began releasing DVDs promoting ecw original.
While on vacation in London, Fraser attended his first professional theater performance at the West End.
it was discovered by a team of astronomers from the university of hawaii led by scott s. Shepard et al.
such is also the coat of arms of some neighboring localities.
his misadventures are often fueled by his immature ways and love of food.
This article covers the details of preparations for Hurricane Katrina, a major Category 5 hurricane that devastated parts of Louisiana, Mississippi, and Alabama.
The publishers have so far released two platinum studio albums, selling over 2 million copies worldwide.
the only known common roost contained only four individuals.
scholarships, academic awards, Flying Eagle awards, and improvement awards are given to students with outstanding academic achievement.
most Australian external territories also observe different time zones.
the term was retroactively coined in contrast to reduced instruction set computer -lrb-risc -rrb-.
Alkaloids are produced by a wide variety of organisms including bacteria, fungi, plants and animals and are part of the -lrb- group of natural products also known as -rrb- secondary metabolites.
in 1833 parts of burke county and buncombe county were combined to form yancey county, and in 1838 the southern part of what remained of buncombe county became henderson county.
current awards are voted on by members of the Golden Raspberry Award Foundation -lrb-graf-rrb-, and membership is openly available to the public, as opposed to the academy awards.
the show received a revival on the game show network in 2002 and was renamed whammy!
the city has a total population of 25,000 and is expected to become a major commercial center in concert with the development of the port of gwadar located nearly 80 km to the east.
with the expansion of the modern era in the 1967-68 season and the creation of the Western Division, the Wales trophy was awarded to the team that finished first in the Eastern Division in the the regular season.
the city declined after the war and only regained its prominence in the 19th century, when it developed as an industrial center.
they are manifested either by neurological complications, or by skin problems -lrb- or sometimes both -rrb- .
series winner advances to play national league championship series winner in baseball championship, world series.
it stems from the difficulties of assimilating the new culture, leading to difficulties in knowing what is appropriate and what is not.
the name derives from the Nahuatl word for shrub, achiotl.
in particular, the ordination of a bishop is often called a consecration.
a ship's wheel is the modern method of adjusting the angle of the rudder, which changes the direction of the boat or ship.
She portrayed the character Alexx Woods, a medical examiner in the forensic drama CSI: Miami.
when the island returned to full spanish control, malabo was renamed santa isabel.
76 this association reinforced the supernatural significance of the fox.
stephanie marie mcmahon-levesque -lrb- born september 24, 1976 -rrb- better known by her maiden name stephanie mcmahon, is executive vice president, creative development and operations of world wrestling entertainment.
the same is true for south africa during the apartheid era and for parts of europe at various times; especially under the Third Reich of Nazi Germany.
hakob kojoyan helped armenian architect alexander tamanian create the coat of arms of the democratic republic of armenia.
Of the moons discovered by the Voyager 2 imaging team, only the puck was discovered early enough that the probe could be programmed to image it in detail.
Dennis Lee Hopper -lrb- born May 17, 1936 -rrb- is an American actor, filmmaker and entertainer.
preparations for an armed revolt were pushed forward and he was appointed commander of the third battalion and adjutant of the dublin brigade.
natural ytterbium is a mixture of seven stable isotopes.
he took up the post of conductor of the netherlands philharmonic radio in 1957 .
12-hour clock hours end in dotted or undotted lowercase or , or or , which are spaced -lrb- or , non or -rrb-.
Birmingham is a city in Van Buren County, Iowa, United States.
coat of arms the coat of arms of the town is taken from the garbani family, or garban family for its french and north american branch, originating from the village and some of whose members have distinguished themselves as magistrates and swiss statesmen.
Davis was responsible for character design for Disneyland's Pirates of the Caribbean and Haunted Mansion attractions.
Old Testament examples of God-sanctioned murder are often cited to support the idea that “murder” is a more accurate translation.
cilia of the respiratory epithelium move particulate matter to the pharynx where it is digested.
it had been planned to build the line beyond walthamstow central to wood street -lrb- walthamstow -rrb-, where it would surface to terminate next to british railway station.
although alpha, beta, and gamma emissions are the most common, other types of decay were eventually discovered.
it is often helpful to avoid strong connotation words -lrb- especially derogatory words -rrb- when striving to achieve a neutral point of view.
Bergman said the film would be his last and he would focus on directing the theater afterward.
the term implies domination or humiliation of a rival, naone, erica -lrb- november 2008 -rrb-.
Best before is generally indicative and refers to the quality of the product, unlike the expiry date and the expiry date which indicate that the product is no longer safe to consume after the specified date.
it is currently used primarily for football matches and is the sports union stadium home to the Régie Abidjan-Niger.
they had important maritime trade contacts with the Roman Empire.
this was an extremely controversial position within the largely pacifist Greens, as it meant that, for the first time since World War II, German soldiers would actively participate in combat.
a similar disclosure had occurred earlier with rc4 .
Heaven's Gate was an American UFO cult based in San Diego, California and led by Marshall Applewhite -lrb- 1931-1997 -rrb- and Bonnie Nettles -lrb- 1927-1985 -rrb-.
wwe then holds a special wrestling show in an open field, with the troupe members attending for free.
After the death of his father Wossen Seged, Sahle Selassie arrives at the capital Qundi before his other brothers, and is made Meridazmach of Shewa.
it is often responsible for adverse weather conditions around the world.
it is the fastest growing census division in canada , expected to exceed 1.5 million people by 2031 .
she is the younger sister of singer/songwriter britney spears.
Rick is portrayed as unlikable and so self-centered that he believes he is the "most popular member of the apartment" even though his housemates hate him.
taxis are available from hotels and a taxi rank on Presidential Lane, north of the downtown mall.
if he doesn't like the way a relationship is going, he tries to "blow up" things.
the next two years the raiders again won the west division titles, only to lose the afl championship to the eventual super bowl winners - the new york jets -lrb- 1968 -rrb- and the city chiefs of kansas -lrb- 1969 -rrb-.
most prominent among these were Marcus Junius Brutus and Gaius Cassius Longinus.
most zombie computer owners are unaware that their system is being used in this way.
Additionally, art rock is “not so much for dancing as for listening and it often tells a story or there is a philosophical theme to the lyrics.
this page concerns water mirrors in general; for swimming pools in washington, dc, see lincoln memorial mirroring pool and capitol reflection pool.
history the district was created on june 12, 1994 by merging the former pasewalk, ueckermünde and part of the strasburg district.
The Temple of Jupiter, Capitolium, or Temple of the Capitoline Triad was a Roman temple in Pompeii, at the northern end of its Forum.
edo consequently grew rapidly from what had been a small, virtually unknown fishing village in 1457 to a metropolis with an estimated population of 1,000,000 in 1721, the largest city in the world at the time.
they were built primarily by nations like Germany during World War II to protect important industries from aerial bombardment.
A plague is any virulent and highly contagious disease that can cause an epidemic or even a pandemic.
Monica Samille Lewinsky -lrb- born July 23, 1973 -rrb- is an American woman with whom then-president bill clinton admitted having an "inappropriate relationship" while lewinsky worked at home white in 1995 and 1996.
the yellow disc represents the island's history in phosphate mining.
in becoming a tropical cyclone, the depression maintained multiple cloud vortices in a common center.
Province-wide rainfall peaked at 5.9 inches -lrb- 150mm -rrb- in Whitbourne.
each city and town has its own mayor -lrb- primar -rrb- and local council -lrb- consiliu local -rrb- .
Anglo-Saxon buildings in Britain were generally simple, constructed mainly of timber with thatch for the roof.
the dominant food species were equines -lrb- equus ferus -rrb- and red deer -lrb-cervus elaphus -rrb- although other mammals ranging from hare to mammoth were also hunted including rhinoceros and hyena .
such near-perihelion oppositions occur on a regular cycle every twenty-two years, with the last occurring in 1991 and the next in 2013.
Chase's big breakthrough in her acting career came later in 2002 when she landed the lead role as the voice of a Hawaiian girl, Lilo Pelekai, in Disney's animated feature, Lilo & stitch.
that is, the term is defined negatively and does not presuppose a genetic relationship.
track listing all tracks written by tim rice-oxley, tom chaplin and richard hughes.
their match stemmed from the Royal Rumble, the pay-per-view event two months before Wrestlemania.
they had, however, been reinforced by a detachment of 32 grenadiers from one of the Swiss mercenary regiments summoned to Paris by the king shortly before 14 July.
cricket pitches the chain also survives as the length of a cricket pitch.
the northern part of Upper Egypt, between El-Ayait and Sohag is sometimes known as Middle Egypt.
it was built from 1961 to 1967 with funding from the World Bank.
static charges remain on an object until they spread to the ground or are quickly neutralized by a discharge.
in chemistry, a solution is a homogeneous mixture composed of two or more substances.
Greater Hagerstown is the fastest growing metropolitan area in the state of Maryland and one of the fastest growing in the United States.
after exploring this area in 1614, dutch fur traders traveled up the connecticut river -lrb- then known to the dutch as the versche rivier - "cool river" -rrb- and built a fort at dutch point near of present-day Hartford, which they called "House of Hope".
he is sometimes credited with introducing scenography, or stage decoration according to Vitruvius.
the Socratic -lrb- method or Socratic -rrb- method of elenchus or debate, named after the classical Greek philosopher socrates, is a form of inquiry and debate between individuals of opposing viewpoints based on posing and answer questions to stimulate rational thinking and illuminate ideas.
ann arbor had set aside 40 acres -lrb- 16ha -rrb- which she hoped would become the site of a new state capital, but she offered this land to the university when lansing was chosen as the capital of State.
in the philippines, oregano, plectranthus amboinicus, is not commonly used as a cooking ingredient but is primarily considered a herbal remedy, useful for relieving coughs in children.
by the afternoon of September 30, laura had acquired enough tropical characteristics to be designated a tropical storm.
however, many compounds are essentially, if not completely, insoluble in water.
An episode of Due South, "Dr. Long Ball", was filmed at Arnold Anderson Stadium in Cockshutt Park.
he was initially offered a salary of $50,000 along with percentage ownership of the business.
when the reichstag voted to repeal the budget , brüning asked hindenburg to dissolve the reichstag , only two years after the start of his mandate , and to reapprove the budget by the mechanism of article 48 .
FCW's first show was on June 26, 2007 in Tampa, Dallas Bull Florida.
Oxnard is the largest city in Ventura County, California by population.
on sunday, august 28, canadian national railroad -lrb- cn -rrb- suspended all rail traffic on its lines south of mccomb, mississippi -lrb- lines owned by its illinois central railroad subsidiary that extend to in new orleans -rrb-, in anticipation of hurricane damage.
At first, around 30,000 people settled in the goldfields, but by 1863 that number had dropped to around 3,500 due to harsh mining conditions.
beresford is a city in lincoln and union counties in the american state of south dakota.
Becker defeated Jim Courier in straight sets to win the 1992 World End of Year Championships in Frankfurt.
his critics claim he had a nervous breakdown during the uprising.
Wiic Calls still resides in Pittsburgh, but on a low-power independent station playing music videos.
these doppelgängers are usually, but not always, evil in some way.
initially the units were coupled cabin to cabin, but it proved more practical to couple the main nose to the slave cabin.
unlike henry iii, agnès proves incapable of influencing the election of the new popes, stephen ix and nicholas ii.
however, the twofish has been used less than the blowfish, which has been around longer.
Leizu shared his findings with others and the knowledge spread to China.
in 1961, she made her debut at the Metropolitan Opera in the role of aida; the following year, she made her Royal Opera debut in the same role.
he was also commissioned in 1944 by yehudi menuhin to write a sonata for solo violin.
historically, mills were operated by hand -lrb- mortar and pestle -rrb- , working animal , wind -lrb- windmill -rrb- or water -lrb- watermill -rrb- .
2005 according to the chapters, Jesus of Nazareth gave this sermon -lrb- estimated around 30 AD -rrb- on the mountainside to his disciples and a large crowd.
election the president of the bundesrat is generally elected on november 1 of a given year and remains in office until october 31 of the following year.
Recovery Russia has rebounded from the August 1998 financial crash with surprising speed.
he did, however, manage to nail his own legs to a table and knocked out Neil during a game of cricket, albeit unintentionally.
The species are native to tropical and subtropical regions of all continents in addition to the Southwest Pacific and Australasia.
Ripley is a town in the Amber Valley of Derbyshire in England.
his mother was related to Charles Reade, a Victorian novelist.
in this respect, there is a striking parallel between the qing/koxinga situation and the current prc/roc situation.
geography unna is located on the route of an old salt trade route, the hellweg route.
Games released by Sunflowers include the Anno-LRB- Anno 1602, Anno 1503, and Anno 1701 -RRB- series, Knights of Honor from Black Sea Studios, and SEK's Paraworld.
therefore, he deliberately filmed scenes with extreme actors on both sides so that they could only be shown on the big screen.
therefore, this system is not an official tropical or subtropical cyclone of the 2006 Pacific hurricane season.
From 1979 to 1999, the 1979 Jubilee Line was to be the first of four phases of the project, but lack of funds meant that no further progress was made until the late 1990s.
scarborough railway station serves the seaside town of scarborough in north yorkshire, england.
less than a decade after its founding, a&m has become the largest independent record label in the world.
the two wavy lines above and below represent the two rivers that gave the district its name, the ruhr and the ennepe.
the author, peter preuss, said the opossum's population declined in 1997 with the current habitat -lrb- restricted to an area of ​​50 square kilometers -rrb- under threat of logging.
unexpectedly, german wehrmacht officers treated him and sent him to the hospital.
the monastery was completely rebuilt by lord smbat of the house of orbelian, a branch of the liparitides who were expelled to armenia at the end of the 12th century from georgia.
a new frontal ridge formed on August 17, causing the storm to drift westward.
in 1847 parts of caldwell county, iredell county and wilkes county were combined to form alexander county.
much of Jesus' ministry took place on the shores of Lake Galilee.
it takes about 2,000 to 3,000 cocoons to make a pound of silk.
international English language testing system, is an international standardized test of English proficiency.
according to a letter sent to his church, he and his doctors believed the cancer was fully treatable.
it is adjacent to lord wandsworth college.
it was to serve as an international auxiliary language, that is, as a universal second language, and not to replace ethnic languages.
he recently worked with slipknot on their new fourth studio album titled all hope is gone.
mainly found in andhra pradesh also in orissa, tamil nadu and karnataka.
many other authors of this period described Eastern Mediterranean cuisine in Greek and Latin.
the city was built at the mouth of a small tributary; the main street once met the water at the top of the river.
history american president woodrow wilson first proclaimed armistice day for november 12 , 1919 .
Seventh Son -lrb- 1987 -rrb- is an alternative history/fantasy novel by orson scott card.
hillary diane rodham clinton -lrb- , born october 26, 1947 -rrb- is the 67th secretary of state of the united states, serving in the administration of president barack obama.
however , the document is cherubino 's appointment to the army .
with an area of ​​11,980 km² and 1.3 million inhabitants, upper austria is the fourth austrian state by area and the third by population.
These books follow the fortunes of Tamara and William Swift, who first appeared in the BBC computer-animated web film Ghosts of Albion: Legacy.
how much less depends on the type of raid.
they currently play in the east division of the national conference.
the name is thought to be derived from the river greta in cumberland, england.
his decision to cut bridges across the han river prevented thousands of citizens from escaping communist rule.
economy and infrastructure the community has more than 600 businesses and more than 2,000 jobs.
elin arrives at agnes' house, mainly as an excuse to avoid going to another party, where there will be a boy -lrb- johan -rrb- -lrb- mathias rust -rrb- whom she wants to avoid.
serpent is a symmetric-key block cipher that was a finalist in the -lrb-aes-rrb- advanced encryption standard competition, where it came second to rijndael.
after 1627, king louis xiii of france introduced the seigneurial system and prohibited settlement in new france by anyone other than roman catholics.
assuming good faith does not preclude discussion and criticism, but editors should not attribute criticized actions to malice unless there is specific evidence of malice.
the album debuted at number 64 in the united states and number nine in sweden, higher than any previous opeth release.
in Shinto, takama-ga-hara is the home of the kami.
packagekit is a free, open-source suite of software applications designed to provide a consistent, high-level interface for a number of different package management systems.
it appears to have lived in wet areas, using two forked incisors to shovel up reeds and sedges for food.
the battle started a seven-year war that established the rhine as the frontier of the Roman empire for the next four hundred years, until Roman influence in the west waned.
this reflects the fact that the speaker of parliament is not part of the executive branch, but still occupies a symbolic -lrb- higher position than the chancellor.
the exact nature of the -lrb- dna -rrb- transformation principle has been verified in the experiments made by avery, mcleod and mccarty and by hershey and chase.
recovering for months in a wheelchair, she continued to sing to help pay her medical bills.
he legally changed his name to robert dylan and signed a management contract with albert grossman.
members of the decavalcante family believed themselves to be the inspiration for the dimeo family.
Sivry-Rance is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Oliver Cromwell attacked Drogheda in 1649 slaughtering the Royalist garrison -lrb- siege of drogheda -rrb- .
as it was a weak storm and never made landfall, cristobal's effects were mostly limited to moderate rainfall.
Villeneuve-Loubet is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.
the most dominant males can muster up to 15-20 females to mate with.
their unusual size is attributed to island gigantism, since there are no other carnivorous animals to fill the niche on the islands where they live, and also to the komodo dragon's low metabolic rate.
Located in Constitution Gardens, the reflecting pool is approximately 2,029 feet -lrb- 618m -rrb- long and 167 feet -lrb- 51m -rrb- wide.
when he was doing tapasya and sadhana in bavania gujarat he was known as tallaiya baba.
she first rose to prominence as an academic, lawyer, activist and member of the Irish senate -lrb- 1969 – 1989 -rrb- .
boxing, amateur wrestling, puroresu, mixed martial arts and fencing are examples of combat sports.
the proportion of c-types may actually be higher than this, because c-types are much darker than most other asteroid types, except for d-types and others common only at the extreme outer edge of the main belt.
Levon V Lusignan of Armenia is imprisoned for several years in Cairo until a ransom is paid by King John I of Castile.
however, by the end of the 19th century, the 9th edition was out of date and the britannica was facing significant financial difficulties.
music musical numbers follows is a list of the thirty-three compositions written by members of the Beatles that are heard on the soundtrack, in the order presented in the film.
On November 8, 1917, Lenin was elected Chairman of the Council of People's Commissars by the Russian Congress of Soviets.
Brantridge Park, Balcombe, West Sussex, England is one of the lesser royal residences.
following his success with star trek, he supplemented his income and showed continued support for his fans by making numerous public appearances.
since it formed at 36°N, this system is the northernmost formation in the northeast Pacific basin.
although it is a stand-alone story, the book continues and expands on many of the themes discussed in the first book.
almost all weapons, vehicles and interactive objects can be placed and moved on maps with forge.
biography howard was born in stockport , cheshire , england on december 7 , 1977 .
then, on December 21, 1994, the volcano spewed gas and ash which was carried up to 25 km -lrb- 16 mi -rrb- by the prevailing winds.
the term applies both to the usual variations in weather and to extraordinary heat events that may only occur once in a century.
our participation in the war is coming to an end.
it covered over 200,000 miles, an incredible feat for pre-aircraft times.
The technique is credited to Albert Humphrey, who led a convention at Stanford University in the 1960s and 1970s using data from Fortune 500 companies.
an organism that obtains carbon from organic compounds but obtains energy from light is called a photoheterotroph, while an organism that obtains carbon from organic compounds but obtains energy from oxidation of inorganic compounds is called a chemoheterotroph.
in total, the constellation contains about 50 galaxies observable by amateur telescopes.
It was first released in Japan for Nintendo 64 on April 14, 2001.
the republican party is one of the two major contemporary political parties in the united states, along with the democratic party.
Over the past 20 or so years, many new anchor designs have appeared.
The Armenian Legion was established as part of the goals of the Armenian National Liberation Movement and was an armed unit in addition to the Armenian Volunteer and Armenian Militia units during World War I that fought against the Ottoman Empire.
it is said to be electrogenic; a fish that has the ability to sense electric fields is said to be electroreceptive.
he reigned from 1804 to 1824.
a supermassive black hole is a black hole whose mass is of the order of 105 to 1010 solar masses.
it was also on the london Sunday Times bestseller list for over four years.
Kings Legacy In February 1998, the registration of the Kings Legacy began.
for example, she frequently sings traditional songs with piano accompaniment.
Elizabeth Ann Smart -lrb- born November 3, 1987 -rrb- is an American woman who was abducted from her bedroom in Salt Lake City, Utah on June 5, 2002 at the age of 14.
furthermore , the term " the celsius or centigrade thermometer " was again used in reference to a particular type of thermometer at least as early as 1850 .
earth is the only place in the universe where the existence of life has been confirmed.
it consisted of the American , British and French occupation sectors established in 1945 .
Origins Originally a part of Urartu, Sophene became a province of the newly emerged Ancient Armenian Kingdom of the Orontids around 600 BC.
however, there are exceptions to this rule, such as defense rather than defense.
all office 95 products have ole 2 capability - automatically moving data from various programs - and powerpoint 7 shows that it was contemporary with word 7.
littlest pet shop is a toy franchise owned by hasbro.
the kievan ruses eventually disintegrated and the lands were divided into several small feudal states.
occasionally, she played in "maestro minnie" maestro minnie.
the seeds of several species are the source of the popular coffee drink.
a medical emergency is an acute injury or illness that poses an immediate risk to a person's life or long-term health.
some notable series that trace their look and feel to sorcery include The Bard's Tale and Might and Magic.
backstory the general plot of the game is that a team of four, an alien, a human, an android and a psionic, left earth on board a spaceship based on the imminent destruction of the planet.
Eastman and Kotik played together extensively in the early to mid-1970s.
before the first world war, the near east referred to the lands relatively close to the ottoman empire, from the middle east to the northwest of south asia and central asia, and the far east for countries along the western Pacific Ocean and countries along the eastern Indian Ocean.
a considerable amount of research has gone into designs that avoid these delays as much as possible.
The storm continued, crossing the outer shores of north carolina, and maintained strength until June 20, when it became extratropical near newfoundland.
web colors are the colors used in the design of web pages, as well as the methods of describing and specifying those colors.
rotation period could not be conclusively estimated -lrb- best fit ~4 h -rrb- .
rc4 was initially a trade secret, but in September 1994 a description of it was posted anonymously on the cypherpunks mailing list.
for example, 1.5 & times; 30 -lrb- which is equal to 45 -rrb- will show the same result as 1,500,000 & times; 0.03 -lrb- which equals 45,000 -rrb- .
it is currently used mainly for football matches and is the home stadium of the sonabel sports association.
it is the fourth Metal Gear game produced and directed by Kojima and the direct sequel to Metal Gear Solid.
his travel writings and numerous diaries and correspondence have also been published.
Blade of Fire is the second novel in Stuart Hill's fantasy series, The Mark of Ice Chronicles.
the spaniards failed to conquer the island until 1697, after several attempts, which began in 1629, when they entered, from corozal to belize, yucatán and alta verapaz, attacked via boats and l have destroyed.
meanwhile, the kli has about 20 of these former beginner grammarians.
it formed on july 19 from a trough low off the southeast coast of the united states.
George Bernard Shaw -lrb- 26 July 1856 2 November 1950 -rrb- was an Irish playwright.
a road movie set across canada, its tagline was they came.
8 flora -lrb-, -rrb- is a large bright main-belt asteroid.
cocoa was an important commodity in pre-Columbian Mesoamerica.
a game played in a browser is often referred to as a browser-based game -lrb-bbg-rrb-.
his team had been defeated in two consecutive games by the Montreal canadian in 1929-1930.
it was a rather sensitive subject at the time, since poland feared that one day a german government would seek to recover part of this traditionally german territory given to poland after the second world war.
many of these police officers were black and feared being mistaken for criminals by other police officers, especially if they drew their guns in an emergency.
The Alabama State Legislature formed additional counties from former Indian lands as the Indian Removal Act went into effect and settlers populated different areas of Alabama.
Established in 1892/93, the Sheffield Shield is Australia's premier domestic cricket competition.
he was a leading figure in the alliance of german political parties '90 / the greens , and according to opinion polls he was the most popular politician in germany for most of the term of government .
Bonham Carter will star alongside Matthew Macfadyen and Denis Lawson.
genotype and mendelian inheritance the distinction between genotype and phenotype is commonly encountered when studying family patterns of certain diseases or inherited conditions, for example haemophilia.
only the congress can adopt changes to the fifa statutes.
between 1898 and 1901, he was choirmaster then assistant conductor at the bayreuth festival.
the elements are thus distinguished: yang wood, yin wood, yang fire, yin fire, etc.
the game includes elements of role-playing games and business simulation games.
in 1974 he was tried and acquitted of participating in the raid that saved baader.
Spandau was granted city rights in 1232.
Max and Moritz and many of his other graphic novels are considered one of the main precursors of modern comics.
Polydor Records is a record label currently headquartered in the UK and is a subsidiary of the Universal Music Group.
he even imagined centralized air conditioning that could cool entire cities.
Following the December 2007 decision by the owners, the Vale of Glamorgan Council to end the £65,000 funding of the Barry Island Railway, the company has struggled to maintain a service.
David W. Dunham, The Minor Planet Bulletin, Volume 6, p.13-14 -lrb- December 1978 -rrb-ads Archive copy however, close examination in 1993, using the hubble space telescope, did not succeeded in locating a secondary .
it was developed from farmland in the 1990s and early 21st century and sits between the historic villages of Mangotsfield and Downend.
the valleys of the waimea river and its tributary, the makaweli river, were once heavily populated.
economy until the 20th century nidwalden was dominated by agriculture.
Fierce Creatures is a 1997 comedy film.
proteus is heavily cratered, showing no signs of geological modification.
it also featured original ecw talent.
the city's Inca architecture, however, withstood the earthquake.
jedin, 138 by specifying catholic doctrine on salvation, the sacraments and the biblical canon, the council responded to protestant disputes.
turkestan -lrb- literally meaning "land of the turks" -rrb- is a region of central asia, which is today largely inhabited by turkish peoples.
On April 7, 2004, Messing gave birth to their son, Roman Walker Zelman.
in 1887 was reorganized into a joint-stock company.
Cheaha Mountain, often referred to as Mount Cheaha, is the highest point in the US state of Alabama.
their sound can be described as Celtic folk metal with melodic death metal influences.
the former location of the fort is currently called place de la bastille.
pueblos are traditional communities of native americans in the southwestern united states.
cash transactions are rounded to the nearest five cents.
this advanced protocol will not work with some older network cards.
at the age of 21, he was already recognized for having composed more than 200 songs.
waterson took over as labor whip in parliament.
the cyclone continued its northwesterly track, making landfall around 0000 utc on september 22 near fort walton beach, florida, with winds of 35 mph -lrb- 55 km/h -rrb- .
Poutrincourt's son bequeathed the colony to Charles de Saint-Étienne de la Tour upon his own death in 1623.
The first minaret was built in 665 in Basra during the reign of Umayyad Caliph Muawiyah I. Muawiyah encouraged the construction of minarets, as they were meant to put mosques on the same level as Christian churches with their bell towers.
he was offered a fulbright scholarship in 1965 to study in the united states.
the clinic was very modern and remained under the control of the binswanger family for almost 120 years.
the show was changed from half an hour to one hour starting December 1, 1975.
Through a business relationship, he was introduced to Mary Parent with Universal Pictures, who immediately signed on after watching the episodes on DVD.
After gathering a list of fan names and conducting an online poll, the feature was named ECW X-Stream on October 31, 2007.
abrupt is a city of 94,962 inhabitants in santa catarina, brazil.
The medal was first awarded in 1902 to JJ Thomson "for his numerous contributions to electrical science, particularly with reference to the phenomena of electric discharge in gases", and has since been awarded 105 times.
the satellite was given the working designation s/2003-lrb-130-rrb-1.
he was one of the most influential madrigalists of the mid-16th century.
Tzu Chi was the first force outside the People's Republic of China to join the rescue effort.
eared seals or otariidae are marine mammals of the family otariidae, one of the three groups of pinnipeds.
it consists of the red cross of saint george -lrb- patron saint of england -rrb- , bordered in white , superimposed on the cross of saint patrick -lrb- patron saint of ireland -rrb- , which are superimposed to the saltire of saint andrew -lrb- patron saint of scotland -rrb- .
with the help of an albatross named orville, the mice fly out to the bayou and encounter a dragonfly named evinrude, who propels them through a leaf to the ship where a penny is.
her follow-up single "girlfriend" also debuted at number one and her debut album, honey at b -lrb- released immediately after -rrb- debuted at number 14 in the UK charts.
guangxi -lrb- or guangxi zhuang autonomous region; -rrb- is a zhuang autonomous region of the people's republic of china.
functions may include sensing touch, air movement, heat, vibration -lrb- sound -rrb-, and especially olfaction -lrb- smell -rrb- or taste -lrb- taste- rrb-.
the sutlej river -lrb- alternatively spelled as satluj river -rrb- -lrb- , , , and -rrb- is the longest of the five rivers that flow through the historical crossroads region of punjab in northern india and pakistan .
she later attended the fiorello h. Laguardia High School of Music and Art and Performing Arts -LRB- The high school featured in film fame -RRB- before entering the theater program at Juilliard.
some become institutions as large as large hospitals, while retaining the name of clinic.
second, it should be computationally impossible to generate a valid signature for a party that doesn't own the private key.
the river mulde runs through the easternmost part of the district.
many films have been shot in the park, including clips from 'this is cinerama', the first feature film shot in this widescreen format, and a string of esther williams films and television specials in the years 1950 and 1960.
since then, documentation of the use of saffron over a period of 4,000 years in the treatment of some 90 diseases has been discovered.
banding features continued to organize as the system slowly strengthened and on August 23 debby peaked at 50 mph -lrb- 85 km/h -rrb- over open waters of The Atlantic Ocean.
while there he meets a young, half-black boy named Arthur Stuart, the son of a slave and a slave owner who was adopted by the owners of the local guesthouse.
Although total worldwide album sales are not calculated by any single entity, in 2004 multiple industry sources estimated Rush's total worldwide album sales at over 40 million units.
exceptionally, publishers of award-winning works are honored with a certificate.
a synonym for "lolcat" is cat macro, since images are a type of image macro.
in may, chun declared martial law and cast off all the trappings of civilian government, becoming the de facto ruler of the country.
references external links discovery of companions of asteroids 762 pulcova and 90 antiope swri press release .
female chinchillas are significantly larger than males.
in 1939, singer marian anderson was denied permission to perform in the constitution hall in washington, on the grounds of her race.
In computer science, kivio is free diagramming software that is part of koffice, an integrated office suite for kde.
mørk is a professor at the norwegian music academy in oslo.
Rawalpindi is also the military headquarters of the Pakistan Armed Forces and also served as the national capital during the construction of Islamabad in the 1960s.
held from june 17 to june 19, 1944, this celebration was dubbed “ioc jubilee celebrations” by carl diem, the originator of the modern tradition of the olympic torch relay.
celestus microblepharis is a species of lizard in the family Anguidae.
after the mutiny that followed the Indian Mutiny of 1857-58 and the consequent abolition of the East India Company, its European regiments were amalgamated in 1860 with the British Army, but its "native" regiments were not.
Hopeful , the resident of Vanity Fair , who takes the place of Faithful as Christian 's fellow traveler .
Naming and Recordings After all twenty-one predetermined hurricane names for the 2005 season were exhausted following Hurricane Wilma, the Greek alphabet was used, beginning with Tropical Storm Alpha.
Addition associativity: for all integers, a, b and c, -lrb- a + b -rrb- + c = a + -lrb- b + c -rrb-.
colloquially, abrasions caused by contact with textiles or carpets are called carpet burns or rug burns.
history the district was created in 1994 by the merger of the two previous districts riesa and großenhain.
the songs are written by many famous hong kong composers such as paul wong and eric kwok.
silver plating gives a clearer, brighter sound than gold and suits playing styles that need clarity and projection.
he was inducted into the Blues Hall of Fame later that same year.
in 1838, thomas icely requested the creation of a village to serve his vast pastoral domain.
the list is sorted by movie and character, as some characters have been played by multiple actors.
it consists of seven or eight stages and is around 1,200 km long.
he was involved in a dispute in 1889 with his former assistant charles a. borst, and the "great affair of the catalog of stars" peters v. Borst was taken to the New York Supreme Court.
SWOT analysis is a strategic planning method used to assess the strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats involved in a project or in a business venture.
burrendong arboretum is a sanctuary for endangered australian flora and covers 1.60 km².
Gothic architecture, in its Catalan or Mediterranean version, is the predominant style of this cathedral, although it also contains Romanesque, French Gothic, Renaissance, Baroque and Neoclassical elements.
in 1798, the Helvetic Republic was proclaimed and the Bernese lords ousted.
on September 22, the system was better organized and the national hurricane center mentioned that there was potential for tropical or subtropical development in the region.
the adoption success rate has been exceptional.
Nouakchott's cultural attractions include the Nouakchott Museum, several markets including the Nouakchott Silver Market, and the beaches.
parts of europe, including much of scandinavia, never adopted many feudal institutions, including serfdom.
he has composed music in all major genres, including art song, chamber music, oratorio, opera, ballet music, and orchestral music.
however, unlike the moon, it has a large iron core, which generates a magnetic field about 1% as strong as that of the earth.
She eventually found him in a hospital bed in Reggio Emilia, suffering from a fever and subsisting on a daily bowl of chicory coffee and crusty bread.
Victoria Hall remained in use until 1941 when it was destroyed by a German bomb.
in the 11th and 12th centuries, soest grew considerably, making it one of the largest cities in westphalia with some 10,000 inhabitants.
vladimir mikhailovich jurowski -lrb-; born april 4, 1972 in moscow, russia -rrb- is a russian conductor.
the two men traveled through New England and successfully raised private and public funds to found a school for deaf students in Hartford, later known as the American School for the Deaf.
the winter solstice occurs the instant the sun's position in the sky is at its greatest angular distance across the equatorial plane of the observer's hemisphere.
the largest by far is the newt, discovered by william lassell just seventeen days after the discovery of neptune itself.
references external links "a memory of olin eggen — 1919 – 1998", by nicholas b. suntzeff, October 6, 1998; newsletter noao, no. 56, December 1998.
It premiered at Wagner's Bayreuth Festival as part of the complete cycle on August 14, 1876.
russia specifically blocked the transfer of un installations to the eu mission .
Opeth decided not to cancel the rest of the tour, and Lopez's drum tech filled in for two shows.
Despite a decrease in convection shortly after its formation, the Great Low remained well organized, with a wind field 575 miles -lrb- 930 km -rrb- in diameter.
the album is named after a song on the album; a cover of the original by folk singer tom Brosseau.
Retiring unhealthily and suffering from several long illnesses, Elizabeth died on September 23, 1830 at the age of 62, at her home in Oak Hill.
after the critical and box office failure of the previous and presumed final episode rocky v, stallone had decided to end the series with a sixth episode which would be a more fitting climax to the series.
later that year he left for the Hamburg Opera to work as a choir director.
the diagonal distance of iran from azerbaijan in the northwest to the province of sistan and baluchestan in the southeast is approximately .
In the book The Very First Light, Mather with co-author John Boslough chronicled his team's work for the general public.
an extensive network of canals remains from the Industrial Revolution, today mainly used for recreation.
on 16 october 1990 , the united nations general assembly decided to grant the icrc observer status for the sessions of its assembly and the meetings of its sub-commissions , the first observer status granted to a private organization .
Leonardo tells the story of the consternation this statement caused to the twelve disciples of Jesus.
the centerpiece is the cathedral grotto with the massive altar rock.
he is best known as an educator of poor children and a supporter of conscientious objection.
the word cereal derives from ceres, the name of the Roman goddess of harvest and agriculture.
the marriage was not entirely happy although it inspired some of moeran's masterpieces, the cello concerto and the cello sonata.
however, he also donated more than $33,000 to Republicans over the years and publicly endorsed John McCain for president in 2008.
scattered trees grow in some tundras.
they form the families tupaiidae and ptilocercidae and the entire order scandentia.
in the early 1970s, barry mazur considered generalizations of iwasawa's theory to abelian varieties.
the high mountainous alps of western austria flatten somewhat into the lowlands and plains of the east of the country.
from the word accounting derives the term accounting.
plutoids ice dwarfs that have reached hydrostatic equilibrium are plutoids.
92 1287 to 1298 emperor fushimi hirohito traditional dates .
as the truth about the mysterious others begins to unfold, one of the crash survivors betrays the other castaways, and the cause of the plane crash is revealed.
the drug also prolongs the time before a patient needs ventilatory support.
while she continued to promote "just say no", she appeared in an episode of the popular 1980s sitcom diff'rent strokes and in a 1985 rock music video, "stop the madness".
this effect does not occur when passing from a macro dimension to a micro dimension.
she has expanded her range, her most recent films are fight club, wallace & gromit: the curse of the were-rabbit, and charlie and the chocolate factory of tim burton, corpse bride, big fish, and sweeney todd: the street demon barber of the fleet.
wire drawing this technique has long been used to produce flexible wire by drawing the material through a series of dies of decreasing size.
it has become the “waterskiing capital of the world” because many of the sport's landmark “firsts” and more than 50 world records have been broken there.
After returning to the United States, Ram Dass and Larry Brilliant founded the Seva Foundation, an international development organization committed to applying the teachings of Neem Karoli Baba to end global poverty.
a doll is an object that represents a baby or another human being.
in the ancient tribal Hebrew context, it was considered the duty of the individual and the family to avenge evil in the name of God.
frederick had a summer residence built there for sophie charlotte by the architect johann arnold nering between 1695 and 1699 .
he had been surgeon-superintendent of ships ferrying convicts to new south wales and van diemen's land -lrb- now known as tasmania -rrb-.
George Walker Bush -lrb-; born July 6, 1946 -rrb- served as the 43rd President of the United States from 2001 to 2009.
Ballan Primary School was established on January 8, 1855.
Mammals Only a few species of wild land mammals are found in the Faroe Islands today, all introduced by humans.
Asiatic salamanders -lrb- of the family Hynobiidae -rrb- are primitive salamanders found throughout Asia and European Russia.
original ratings the original ratings of the films -lrb- used from 1968 to 1970 -rrb- were: g -lrb- general public -rrb-: all ages admitted.
name in Chinese, the region is known as "inner mongolia", where the terms "inner/outer" are derived from Manchurian dorgi/tulergi.
ipswich was elected to the football league on 30 May 1938 and played in Division Three -lrb-south -rrb- until the end of the 1953-54 season when they won the title and promotion to divide two.
there is a minimum size of seven inches -lrb- 178 mm -rrb- measured across the shell and a quantity limit of three per day and 24 per year.
the island has no indigenous population, but is assigned the country code iso 3166-1 alpha-2 sj -lrb- with svalbard -rrb-, the Internet country code top-level domain -lrb-cctld -rrb-.
the goals of cleanliness include health, beauty, freedom from unpleasant odors, avoidance of shame, and avoidance of the spread of dirt and contaminants to self and others.
for the 2008–09 season, tranmere rovers play in league one, the third tier of english football.
the coat of arms was established around 1350, when six Upper Lusatian towns founded a confederation.
Helmut Heinrich Waldemar Schmidt -lrb- born December 23, 1918 -rrb- is a German Social Democratic politician who served as Chancellor of West Germany from 1974 to 1982.
Ohio State has also won national championships in men's swimming and diving, men's outdoor track and field, men's golf, men's gymnastics, men's fencing, mixed fencing, and several synchronized swimming championships. .
packagekit was created by richard hughes.
the additions to daniel include three chapters not found in the hebrew/aramaic text of daniel.
he remained there until the outbreak of the Franco-Prussian War in 1870, when he became head chef.
appearance the coloration is yellowish brown with several dark spots irregularly distributed on the posterior half.
empoli is on the main railway line from florence to pisa, and is the point of divergence of a line to siena.
out of 18,217 national casting entrants, she was chosen as one of 19 applicants to appear on the television show.
two psyche stellar occultations were observed -lrb- from Mexico on March 22, 2002, and another on May 16, 2002 -rrb-.
an earlier incarnation of the Wheat Kings played for the Stanley Cup in 1904, but lost to the Ottawa Senators.
following the dissolution of the soviet union in december 1991 , honecker took refuge in the chilean embassy in moscow , but was extradited by the yeltsin administration to germany in 1992 .
it is the capital of karbala governorate.
in canonical watson-crick base pairing, adenine -lrb-a-rrb- forms a base pair with thymine -lrb-t-rrb-, as does guanine -lrb-g-rrb- with cytosine -lrb- c -rrb- in DNA.
To facilitate comparison of the sizes of different geographic regions, areas between 1 km2 -lrb- 100 hectares -rrb- and 10 km2 -lrb- 1000 hectares -rrb- are listed below.
until 1943, von dem bach-zalewski remains the hsspf at the head of the “anti-partisan” units on the central front, a special command created by adolf hitler.
according to the fictional universe first established by slayer, the "buffyverse", the term "buffyverse" is used among buffy/angel fans online to describe the fictional universe established by buffy/angel.
to promote i created disco, harris embarked on a uk tour, supporting the infidel and groove armada.
coconuts from various parts of the world also differ in taste.
After the group broke up in 2003, Weiland became the frontman of Velvet Revolver with former members of Guns n' Roses.
bad herrenalb is a municipality in the district of calw in baden-württemberg, germany.
religion the religion of teotihuacan is similar to those of other mesoamerican cultures.
the main techniques involved are woodcut, etching and etching, although there are others.
when he learned to speak russian, he studied computer translation of human languages ​​at moscow state university in the soviet union at the kolmogorov school.
the depression was located in an area suitable for development, and a warning for tropical cyclone formation was issued shortly after the depression formed.
the event map featured two main events.
geography the district was located on the banks of the freiberger mulde in the triangle between the cities of dresden, leipzig and chemnitz.
the Métis today mostly speak English, with French being a strong second language, as well as many native languages.
the fort occupied a prominent position and was situated above sea level with strategic views over the entrance -lrb- sydney heads -rrb- to port jackson.
the film uses makeup, puppets, and cgi effects to create its creatures.
however, some festival-related performances take place before and after the official dates.
the city is what later became the center of the Byzantine Empire -lrb- the Greek-speaking Roman Empire of late antiquity and the Middle Ages -rrb- as Constantinople.
for example , a store could give away its stock in its promotion , but the production of these goods would still have required the use of scarce resources , so it would not be a free good in the economic sense .
analog is generally thought of in an electrical context; however, mechanical, pneumatic, hydraulic, and other systems can also transmit analog signals.
her mother wanted her to leave school and get married, but she rebelled.
Barr gained national prominence as one of the leaders in the impeachment of President Bill Clinton.
direct evidence suggests that there was a migration of h. erectus outside africa, then a new speciation of h. sapiens of h. erectus in africa.
during the 1980s and 1990s, the university devoted substantial resources to renovating its huge hospital complex and improving academic facilities on North Campus.
Israel , although subject to Iraqi missile attacks , refrained from retaliating so as not to incite the Arab states to leave the coalition .
Background The Chuck Norris Facts began appearing on the Internet in early 2005.
it is a concentration of science and technology related businesses and has close ties to the neighboring university of cambridge.
snl is one of the longest running network programs in American television history.
The story began as a sequel to Tolkien's older, less complex children's fantasy novel The Hobbit -lrb- 1937 -rrb-, but eventually developed into a much larger work.
he also had his own car, with a nice livery, which took him to concerts in other places.
rm urquhart , scottish civic heraldry , london , 1979 when the district council was abolished in 1996 the coat of arms reverted to the crown .
he was the son of Reverend Martin Luther King, Sr. and King Williams of Alberta.
here is a comparative table classifying the moons of the solar system by diameter.
chocolate was available to Mayans of all social classes, although the wealthy drank chocolate from elaborately decorated containers.
a café and a few other businesses largely occupy the site of the fort, and rue saint antoine runs directly above it as it opens onto the roundabout of the bastille.
The following season, Warner was replaced for good as the Rams' starting quarterback after fumbling six times in the season opener against the New York Giants.
As long as the platforming mechanic remains a major part of the gameplay, it can still be properly called a platformer.
Darryl Starbird, another automotive customizer, purchased the vehicle from Roth in 1967 for US$750.00.
this fact suggests that the Yankees are an outstanding baseball franchise, rather than simply the most frequently won American baseball team.
afterwards, the doctors carried out various medical treatments if necessary.
Attahaddy Benghazi is a Libyan football club based in Benghazi.
ender's shadow -lrb- 1999 -rrb- is a science fiction novel by american author orson scott card.
iero uses the project as a way to vent about how he sees worldartist info - leathermouth epitaph.com.
much of the pioneering work was done at bell labs and marketed by western electric.
thus , the region of erzgebirge has become famous for many christmas traditions .
When the Reichstag met in September 1932, its first and only act was to vote in a massive vote of no confidence in the Papen government.
From 1700 to 1900, in the early 17th century, small-scale brick and tile making flourished and during this period parcels of common land were allotted for house building and small businesses.
Originally used in professional sports, the term is now also commonly used in amateur sports, as well as other completely unrelated areas of endeavor such as commercial and musical awards.
diatomic molecules are molecules composed of only two atoms, of identical or different chemical elements.
ritchie neville -lrb- born richard neville dobson, 23 august 1979, solihull, england -rrb- is an english singer best known for being a member of the british boy band five.
he rowed across a boat and discovered the Japanese submarine.
education the cabarrus county school system serves the entire county except for parts of kannapolis, which operates its own school district.
months pass, and tod and copper reach adulthood.
a workstation is a high-end microcomputer designed for technical or scientific applications.
the larger islands have fertile valleys and plains.
it is most commonly found on bread and soft fruits like bananas and grapes.
the bcg -lrb- matrix aka bcg analysis , bcg-matrix , boston box , boston matrix , boston consulting group analysis -rrb- is a chart created by bruce henderson for the boston consulting group in 1970 to help companies analyze their units of analysis. business or product lines.
Images relayed to earth by Voyager 2 became the basis of a 1989 PBS All Night program, Neptune All Night.
the town is one of the endpoints of the murray to the mountains railway.
in the upper right field is the symbol of the Lords of Sonneberg, which includes sheep shears.
this coincides well with the nara -lrb- 710-794 -rrb- period.
Helene was a long-lived Cape Verde-like hurricane that formed in the extreme southeastern North Atlantic Ocean, peaking as a Category 3 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale then that it was crossing the central Atlantic.
Carolus Linnaeus and other scientists of his time also considered great apes to be the closest relatives of human beings due to morphological and anatomical similarities.
perhaps the archetype of the pencil was the stylus, which was a thin metal stick, often made of lead and used to scratch papyrus, a form of primitive paper.
religion despite the name of the group, the members do not consider themselves antitheists.
around 2,000 troops were assigned to zipingpu, trying to relieve pressure through the spillway.
in 2005 ewen joined r&b group trinity stone which achieved limited success in the uk, ireland and russia.
the aten is usually depicted as a sun disk with rays coming out from all sides.
for example, many Germanic states -lrb- as well as the English Reform -rrb- converted to Protestantism in an attempt to escape the grip of the pope.
Sir James Chadwick, ch, frs -lrb- October 20, 1891 July 24, 1974 -rrb- was an English physicist and winner of the Nobel Prize in Physics awarded for his discovery of the neutron.
the predominant source of magnesium is dolomite -lrb-camg-lrb-co3-rrb-2-rrb-.
however, the advanced encryption standard is now receiving more attention.
solid metallic hydrogen consists of a crystal lattice of atomic nuclei -lrb-, namely protons -rrb-, with a spacing significantly less than a bohr radius.
Undated The first settlement is made in the area of ​​what is now Louisville, Kentucky by 13 families under Colonel George Rogers Clark.
it's the cover story of the march 2009 issue of hot rod deluxe, a “retro” version of hot rod magazine.
the Congress of Vienna recognized it as a Grand Duchy and a member of the German Confederation.
the series premiered on august 20, 2007 on nick jr. and began streaming February 23, 2008 on noggin.
January–June 1816 events known as the "Year Without a Summer" in the Northern Hemisphere due to global cooling caused by the Mount Tambora volcanic eruption of 1815.
negotiations are also underway with a number of other states.
the most effective form of quinine to treat malaria was discovered by charles marie de la condamine in 1737 .
its use lasted through the Golden Age of Latin literature - roughly the 1st century BC and early 1st century AD - possibly extending into the Silver Age - roughly the 1st and 2nd centuries.
moundou is located on one of the main roads in southern chad.
while pipelining can in theory increase performance on an unpipelined core by a factor of the number of stages -lrb- assuming that the clock frequency also scales with the number of stages -rrb- , in reality, most codes do not provide ideal execution.
a butler's tray often has a gallery, or deeper outline, handles on the short sides for easy carrying -lrb- usually cut into the outline -rrb-, and a portable stand with folding legs.
in 1983 moyet and clarke decided to dissolve yazoo.
The wanted men were believed to be in the Wombat Ranges north of Mansfield, Victoria.
lanterns can be used for signaling or as general light sources for camping.
after persuading clerc to accompany him, gallaudet leaves for america.
in each issue, a review of an artist's entire discography, each album being analyzed in turn.
for systems using digital signal processing, developers can use a math workbench such as scilab/scicos, matlab/simulink, eicaslab, mathcad, or mathematica to simulate math.
the producer is involved in all phases of the filmmaking process, from development to completion of a project.
the young boys played against the Olympique de marseille and lost 2-3 in front of 14,000 spectators.
he is considered the most important sculptor of the Spanish Renaissance and is known for his moving sculptures depicting ecstasy or religious torment.
the term country code frequently refers to international telephone codes, e.164 country call codes.
Marant is a French commune in the department of Pas-de-Calais in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region.
the nameless dog makes an appearance in nes barker bill's trick shooting game -lrb- another zapper game -rrb- and he can be shot.
the book chronicles the events taking place in the fictional space colony of windhaven.
the higgs boson is the only particle in the standard model that has not yet been observed.
the core can be composed of solid and liquid layers, while the cores of Mars and Venus are considered completely solid because they do not have an internally generated magnetic field.
the precursor to hurricane beulah was a tropical wave crossing the tropical atlantic.
With her election, Pelosi became the first woman, the first Californian, and the first Italian-American to hold the presidency.
it is fished, smoked and then widely sold in the markets around the lake.
the table below highlights these differences.
30 seconds to mars received three awards out of four nominations.
construction was completed in 1254 under the son of frederic, conrad iv of germany.
it is considered one of the most important precursors of the academy awards.
retrieved 2008-12-25 album info the title of the album, "a little longer", comes from their song of the same name, which nick jonas wrote about his relationship with type 1 diabetes.
he is best known for his series the knickerbocker gang and his stories about the tom turbo talking bike.
interrupt-controlled system some embedded systems are primarily interrupt-controlled.
with exceptions, the Fatimids were reputed to exercise a certain religious tolerance towards non-Ismaili sects of Islam as well as towards Jews, Maltese Christians and Coptic Christians.
throwing a pie in a person's face has been a staple of cinematic comedy ever since ben turpin was given one in mr. flip in 1909, and is often associated with clowns in popular culture.
one of its new attractions, the triple hurricane roller coaster, is named after the tumultuous stormy season.
the population of this neighborhood in 2001 was 16,800 people in 5,700 households.
individual songs from some operettas have become standards, notably "vilja" from The Merry Widow and "You are my heart's delight" -lrb- "dein ist mein ganzes herz" -rrb- from The Land of Smiles.
the fourth and fifth digits designate the number of the agglomeration -lrb- in a city without arrondissement -rrb- or the arrondissement -lrb- in a city with arrondissements -rrb-.
Here is a list of the 339 communes of the Ardèche department in France.
palestinian voters in the gaza strip and the west bank, including east jerusalem, were eligible to participate in the election.
String theory is a developing branch of theoretical physics that combines quantum mechanics and general relativity into a quantum theory of gravity.
the following year, the title returned to the raw after the defending triple h champion was drafted by the brand in the 2009 wwe draft.
the river is also potentially valuable for hydroelectric power, and the inga dams under the malebo pool are the first to harness the river.
a pulpit -lrb- from Latin pulpitum "scaffolding", "platform", "stage" -rrb- is a small raised platform from which a member of the clergy delivers a sermon in a place of worship.
bondage games in the bedroom often constitute foreplay.
on July 17, 2006, the keck-10m ii telescope and its laser guide star adaptive optics system -lrb-ao-rrb- indicated a bilobed shape for hektor.
legality assisted dying is legal in several jurisdictions, including belgium, the netherlands, switzerland and three us states.
The Feast of the Sacred Heart has been a solemnity in the Roman Catholic liturgical calendar since 1856 and is celebrated 19 days after Pentecost.
in antiquity the sea was the cradle of two ancient civilizations the minoans of crete and the mycenaean civilization of the peloponnese.
to stay competitive, encyclopædia britannica, inc. highlighted the good reputation of the britannica, reduced its price and production costs, and developed electronic versions on cd-rom, dvd and the World Wide Web.
following this, colsefini was moved to backing vocals and percussion.
the convention also defines people who are not considered refugees, such as war criminals.
she was born in norwich and attended norwich girls' grammar school before studying music at cambridge university.
this flag was the same, except that the gold band had a human stick figure, a kanaga, in black, with arms raised skyward.
he led a furious comeback completing 15 of 20 passes attempted for 258 yards and 2 tds.
very large corporations such as ge, toyota and sharp, and investment firms such as goldman sachs are investing billions of dollars in clean technologies.
the spot was observed at different times with different sizes and shapes.
sadomasochism 12% of women and 22% of men reported having had an erotic reaction to a sadomasochistic story.
Hertzprung-Russell diagrams are not pictures or maps of star locations.
early Spartans believed helmets were unnecessary and boxing prepared them for the inevitable blows to the head they would receive in battle.
visitors come to see the gardens of the palace park, the exotic birds that roam freely in the park, the moot hill -lrb- which is in the park -rrb-, and the palace.
its authorship is generally attributed to a person named obadiah, which means "servant -lrb- or worshiper -rrb- of the lord".
the gard is one of the 83 original departments created during the french revolution on march 4, 1790.
Grime is a genre of urban music that first emerged in east London, England in the early 2000s, primarily a development of British garage, dancehall and hip hop.
he chose as episcopal motto -lrb- "obedience and peace" -rrb-, which became his guiding motto.
a free translation of all but one of the chapters was produced by arthur waley.
their name derives from the name of the mountainous region of northern Algeria that they traditionally inhabit.
hilari bell -lrb- born in 1958 -rrb- is an american fantasy author.
currently Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport and Minister for the South West, he was one of the first openly homosexual deputies.
however, the Lake Trio returns to nullify the Legendary's power and break the Red Chain, interrupting the ritual.
sir donald bradman ac, australian cricketer universally regarded as the greatest batsman of all time was born in cootamundra.
this structure is still used to determine teams in the American Hockey League playoffs.
however, when the war ended, he became particularly concerned about the further development and possible use of atomic weapons and the destruction inflicted on the world by war in general.
thus , beliefs are not totally consistent from one Baptist church to another , especially beliefs that can be considered minor .
from 1918 to 1920, the province was under the administration of the democratic republic of armenia as the province of vanand -lrb- with the city of kars as its capital -rrb-.
it debuted at number 20 on vh1's top 20 video countdown on June 28, 2008.
Queen were an English rock band.
gp's village phone -lrb- polli phone -rrb- project has provided 260,000 poor rural people with mobile phones in more than 50,000 villages since the project began in march 1997 .
Linux distributions started appearing very soon after the Linux kernel was first used by people other than the original Linux programmers.
in 1970, eddy merckx rode to the brink of collapse while winning the stage.
it is approximately 18 inches -lrb- 46 cm -rrb- deep on the sides and 30 inches -lrb- 76 cm -rrb- in the center.
Diffie-Hellman Key Exchange -lrb-dh -rrb- is a cryptographic protocol that allows two parties who do not know each other beforehand to jointly establish a shared secret key over an insecure communication channel.
This position in the US federal government is analogous to that of finance ministers of other nations.
Towards the end of 1997, each band member chose an individual number as a pseudonym.
they also use visual signals to communicate with members of the same species.
day of admission into the united states -lrb- 1889 -rrb- of north dakota and south dakota as 39th and 40th states .
the front broke down and dissipated, leaving behind two areas of low pressure.
157 – 69 and are considered by some to be the cultural ancestors of the Western Turks – the current inhabitants of Azerbaijan, Turkey and Turkmenistan.
in 1252, documents directly refer to vaihingen as the town founded by count gottfried von vaihingen.
Lascaux is the setting of a cave complex in southwestern France famous for its Paleolithic cave paintings.
a rush hour or rush hour is a part of the day when road traffic and public transport congestion are greatest.
the race culminates at 750m on the smooth concrete of the grand outdoor velodrome in roubaix.
he is a brilliant scientist and researcher with great intelligence and insight into mutant genetics.
the majority of the central african population lives in the west of the country, near bangui.
blood vessels and nerves enter the glands at the hilum and gradually branch into the lobules.
After Van Gogh's murder, tens of thousands of people gathered in central Amsterdam to mourn Van Gogh's death.
The New York Rangers won the Stanley Cup by defeating the Montreal Maroons becoming the first United States-based team since forming the NHL to win it and the first since the Seattle Metropolitans won in 1917.
In 1876, the committee adopted the name "International Committee of the Red Cross" -lrb-icrc-rrb-, which is still its official designation today.
his expected release date, with remission, is currently April 12, 2024.
the tiny islands of the south china sea, collectively an archipelago, number in the hundreds.
the name was originally used in reference to pesos oro -lrb- weight of gold -rrb- or pesos plata -lrb- weight of silver -rrb-.
pop and imap -lrb- Internet Message Access Protocol -rrb- are the two most popular Internet standard protocols for retrieving email.
during the battle most of the Japanese officers were killed and the Japanese had to drop 300 officers by parachute onto the battlefield.
After being transferred to the town of Blakeley in 1810 , the county seat was then transferred to the town of Daphne in 1868 .
explorer francisco hernández wrote that chocolate drinks helped treat fever and liver disease.
this period is known as the edo period and takes its name from the capital, edo, which is now called tokyo.
although not popular, herring roe is sold in many British supermarkets.
Saxon Switzerland is a mountain climbing area and national park near Dresden in Saxony, Germany.
the Tuvaluan language is spoken by virtually everyone, while a language very similar to Gilbertese is spoken on Nui.
sports gelsenkirchen is home to the football club fc schalke 04.
"mobile" charts was only released in australia and new zealand.
their heaviest league defeats were 10–1 against Fulham in 1963 and 9–0 against Manchester United in 1995.
elected to the Hall of Fame on the first ballot in 1961.
the handles can be made of wood or plastic; the ferrules are made of metal -lrb- generally nickel-plated steel -rrb- .
Tristan turns to Isolde, who agrees to follow him back to the realm of night.
A report by the district 's nazi leader , hermann engst , shows that the authorities planned to punish kellner at the end of the war .
an open proxy is a proxy server accessible by any Internet user.
programs are currently being undertaken by the Tasmanian government to reduce the impact of the disease.
it grows up to 20 m, although it is generally more stunted in its native environment.
they occupied an area that today includes the independent cities of Norfolk, Portsmouth, Chesapeake, and Virginia Beach.
reznor then released the leaflet in 2008 as a free download.
wahlenbergia species have dispersed widely, even to oceanic islands, and there are four known species from st. helena, including the now extinct w. roxburghii.
ornithologist richard zann perished in the kinglake fire, along with his wife eileen and daughter eva.
Puckian craters are named after mischievous spirits from European mythology.
it was designed to be easier to use than other 3D CAD programs.
it has since established itself in a range of light shades chosen for their neutral or cold appearance.
the story of tristan and iseult is a novel par excellence of the middle ages and the renaissance.
leicester is officially the largest city in the region and the largest conurbation is the nottingham urban area.
this information is not accessible to people with color blindness, on black and white prints, on older computer screens with fewer colors, on monochrome screens -lrb-pda, mobile phones -rrb-, etc.
neither, however, described God as appearing in three modes.
in lemmon's film, jack lemmon chases, tackles and assaults stallone, thinking the stallone character is a pickpocket.
the extratropical remnants moved up the east coast of the united states and were absorbed by a larger extratropical cyclone on june 5.
Although they were officially designated to study only Jupiter and Saturn, the two probes were able to continue their mission in the outer solar system.
several versions of the protocol exist; versions 1 3 only happened internally at mit.
the civil aviation authority -lrb-caa-rrb- is the public corporation that oversees and regulates all aspects of aviation in the uk.
the sanctuary of endymion at heracleia under latmus on the southern slope of latmus still exists as a horseshoe-shaped chamber with an entrance hall and a pillared forecourt.
the nervous system calculates color by comparing the responses to light of the different types of conical photoreceptors in the eye.
the northern part, the restkreis sankt wendel, was merged with the district birkenfeld, the southern part remained in the saar in its reduced size.
at this time, the area contained the Greta Swamp, which was later drained.
the national capital region consists of an area of ​​5,319 square kilometers that straddles the border between the provinces of ontario and quebec.
his collaborators covered a wide range of musical styles and talents; among them are Joshua Bell, Yo-Yo Ma, Béla Fleck, Sam Bush, James Taylor, Chris Thile, Mike Marshall, Mark O'Connor, Alison Krauss, Mary Chapin Carpenter and the Nickel Creek Trio.
A truck -lrb- 42-6452 -rrb- containing approximately 440 pounds of high explosives crashed through the main gate of the central bank, a beachfront tower that handled most of the nation's financial affairs.
this was in 1795 before the British Navy adopted lemons or lime as the standard issue at sea.
this means that it has four equal sides and four equal angles -lrb- 90 degree angles, or right angles -rrb-.
The RPG-26 Aglen is a disposable anti-tank rocket launcher developed by the Soviet Union.
after the match, an emotional benoit celebrated his victory with the reigning wwe champion, eddie guerrero.
At the July 20, 2008 Great American Bash, McCool defeated Natalya to become the inaugural Divas Champion.
Kingda Ka is a six flag grand adventure roller coaster located in Jackson Township, New Jersey, USA.
it is possible that the Berber Muslim Almoravids originated in the region.
Education Act 1902, c.42, county councils were responsible for more strategic services in an area, with -lrb- from 1894 -rrb- smaller urban district councils and rural district councils responsible for other activities.
the county's motto, "we won't be drugged", reflects the strong-willed nature of its people over the centuries.
a gas station, petrol station, petrol station, petrol station, petrol station, garage, gasbar, petrol pump or petrol berth -lrb- india -rrb- is a facility which sells fuel and lubricants for motor vehicles.
Modified SUVs also take part in races including the Paris-Dakar Rally and the Australian Outback.
melodies continue to be composed today , although perhaps the last undisputed great composer was francis poulenc , who died in 1963 .
Romulus, the first moon, was discovered on February 18, 2001 by the Keck II Telescope by Michael E. brown and jean-luc margot.
they operate 20 hours a day, 364 days a year, with 95% operational at all times, and can accommodate 13,000 passengers per hour.
regular season the boston bruins led the league in total points with 110 .
The twelve-wire bird of paradise, Seleucidis melanoleucus or Seleucidis melanoleuca, is a medium-sized bird of paradise, about 33 cm long, black and velvety yellow.
troposodon minor sthenurus oreas simosthenurus occidentalis -lrb- another sthenurine -rrb- was about as large as a modern eastern gray kangaroo, but much sturdier.
the miss usa beauty pageant has been held every year since 1952 to select the american entrant in the miss universe pageant.
few seasoned American economists agreed with Keynes for most of the 1930s.
the double standard is the official position of the Roman Catholic Church.
his magisterium has nearly 1,000 speeches and radio broadcasts.
Jörg Heinrich -lrb- born December 6, 1969 in Rathenow -rrb- is a German football defender.
Peter Richardson then brokered a deal for six stand-alone half-hour films, using the group as comedy actors rather than stand-up performers.
Roseanne is an American sitcom that aired on ABC from 1988 to 1997 starring Roseanne Barr.
rather than just focusing on mainstream acts, revolver introduces many acts that aren't aired on radio or mtv.
it is a problem-solving strategy based on “appeals” rather than coercion.
Coles Supermarkets is an Australian supermarket chain owned by wesfarmers -lrb- formerly coles group prior to its acquisition on 23 November 2007 -rrb-.
At first the aroma is pleasant and reminiscent of apple, but becomes particularly musky when overripe.
as the neck is not visible from the outside, the head and the body seem to merge.
some speculative sources say he was also in paris between 1308 and 1310.
even farther west is the bank of tortugas, which is completely submerged.
it was at this time that she would have discovered the hiding place of three crosses used during the crucifixion of jesus and the two thieves — dismas and gestas — who were executed with him.
Filmography in 1996, Barker is embodied in Adam Sandler's comedy Happy Gilmore.
career berzelius was born in väversunda in östergötland in sweden.
story birth of the furby dave hampton and caleb chung created the furby in just nine months -lrb- plus an additional nine months spent designing the toy -rrb- .
the state's population is concentrated in southeast queensland, which includes the capital city brisbane, logan city, ipswich, toowoomba and the golden and sunny shores.
it is theorized that they compensated for this deficiency by regularly eating thiamine-rich soba.
the name "Gulf of California" predominates on most English-language maps today.
in the early afternoon around 1:00 a.m., the crowd burst into the undefended outer court and the chains of the inner court drawbridge were cut.
In the United States, antidepressants and tranquilizers are now the top-selling class of prescription drugs, and neuroleptics and other psychiatric drugs are also among the top, all with expanding sales.
Geography Libourne is located at the confluence of the Isle and the Dordogne.
Cameron's wife, Noble, also starred in the film series, playing Hattie Durham.
After the end of the fifth period of overtime, managers Conn Smythe of the Maple Leafs and Art Ross of the Bruins asked league president Frank Calder to suspend the game, but Calder refused.
Wilson moved to the district in late 1836 with his wife and family.
twin towns and consulates Manchester has concluded formal twinning agreements -lrb- or "friendship agreements" -rrb- with several towns .
Pantaleon Enrique Costanzo Granados y Campiña -lrb- July 27, 1867 March 24, 1916 -rrb- was a Spanish Catalan pianist and composer of classical music.
Hurricane Dog caused extensive damage in the Leeward Islands and was considered the most severe hurricane on record in Antigua.
the French northern half includes the community of saint-martin -lrb- community of st. martin -rrb- and is an overseas collectivity of france.
railways the location of the city at the bottom of a steep valley worked against it for the construction of railways.
Passenger trains operated at Forbes until 1983.
he provided a variety of music, from pop-punk, surf rock and ska, to an acoustic ballad.
they were later replaced by the 4th Armored Division in 1957, which was renamed the 1st Armored Division in 1971 and moved to Hindenburg Kaserne at Ansbach in 1972.
isbn 1559390506 isbn 978-1559390507 blackman, sushila -lrb- compiled and edited -rrb- -lrb- 1997 -rrb- .
the sixth, seventh and eighth digits indicate the municipality or unincorporated area number.
in 2006, he co-starred in the independent film manhattan minute.
hot chocolate and churros are the traditional breakfast for workers in spain.
it was discovered from images taken by Voyager 2 on 20 January 1986 and given the temporary designation s/1986 u 8.
so from white oak he went to princeton, where he worked on his equilibrium theory.
many specialize in machine building, medical equipment, international trade, optics and electronics.
In Smithson's will he stated that if his nephew, Henry James Huntingford, died without heirs, the Smithson estate would go to the government of the United States to establish an 'establishment for the increase and diffusion of knowledge among men' .
satan represents all so-called sins, as they all lead to physical, mental or emotional gratification.
prisoners sentenced to imprisonment were transferred to spandau prison in 1947 .
using their tail to support their weight, they kick with their powerful hind legs.
killzone 2 is a first-person shooter -lrb-fps -rrb- for the playstation 3, developed by guerrilla games and published by sony computer entertainment.
Keymer was an ancient parish which, like its close neighbour, Clayton, was merged with the modern parish of Poufs.
the use of combined oral contraceptives reduces the risk of ovarian cancer by 40% and the risk of endometrial cancer by 50% compared to never users.
This category contains articles related to UK motorways.
The other featured match was between WWE Champion Rob Van Dam defending the title against Bord in a singles match.
ironically, this antagonistic relationship between rick and vyvyan makes them virtually inseparable, as the two spend far more time together than with the other housemates.
a year later, he was appointed Minister of Commerce and Industry.
in 1975, these two neighborhoods were merged to form today's neighborhood.
this includes all natural and human accidents and errors and is calculated on approximately 160,000 shinkansen trips made.
A final violent confrontation with the police took place in Glenrowan.
the subunguis is the softer, flaky bottom layer with the grain parallel to the direction of growth.
tobacco: in 1984, he wrote that nicotine has an addictive power similar to that of heroin or cocaine.
records indicate that it began in 776 BC in olympia, greece.
the first use of the word was for fish limbs, but has been extended to include other animal limbs and artificial devices.
However, on his third appearance, Miller broke his collarbone in a fall.
invest, or storm 91c, was an unusual weather event of 2006.
For the official forecast, see the NHC Hurricane Karl Public Advisory Archive.
the inscription lonely mountain jar, the first sample of tengwar published, dates from 1937 -lrb- the hobbit, most editions -rrb-.
tropical storms in arizona are infrequent because the predominant storm track carries most storms that form in the eastern pacific either parallel to or away from the pacific coast of northwestern mexico.
chianti superiore chianti superiore is an italian docg wine produced in the provinces of arezzo, florence, pisa, pistoia, prato and siena, in tuscany.
Thinner is a 1984 novel by Stephen King, published under his pseudonym, Richard Bachman.
Bollywood storylines have tended to be melodramatic.
they can be removed for several reasons, including difficulty breathing through the nose and chronic infections or earaches.
Niccolò Machiavelli, author of The Prince, also witnessed and wrote about the execution.
Hughes' story "Blessed Assurance" deals with a father's anger at his son's softness and homosexuality.
in 1855, parts of nash county, edgecombe county, johnston county and wayne county were combined to form wilson county, north carolina.
Watonga, Kingfisher and Geary were the hardest hit communities, with many homes and buildings flooded.
to supply water to its steam locomotives, the marshals decided to provide a dam and to pump the water from it to an installation, called a young cistern, at the station.
unnoticed, susanna walks back into the bedroom with the clothes and hides after realizing what is wrong -lrb- she knows that revealing her presence would only lead to the worst possible consequences for the countess -rrb-.
the video first aired at mtv's headbangers ball on october 25, 2008 as part of the headbangers ball 20th anniversary special programming.
history the state was created in 1951 from the historical states of baden, hohenzollern and württemberg, being part of the region of swabia.
after the abolition of slavery in 1835, many Indian and Chinese laborers were brought in to work the land, and cultivate sugar cane, at the time used to produce rum.
marxists internet archive -lrb- also known as mia or marxists.org -rrb- is a volunteer-based non-profit organization that maintains a multilingual internet archive of marxist writers and other similar authors -lrb- socialists, anarchists, etc. -rrb-.
it has been suggested that vättern is the largest body of drinking water in the world.
french troops land at kilcummin in county mayo to aid the irish rebellion .
the game also features co-op play -lrb- co-op -rrb- which allows players to complete the story-based single-player mode together.
the psychological state of sympathy is closely related to that of compassion, empathy and empathic concern.
the shaolin monastery or shaolin temple, is a chán buddhist temple in song shan near zhengzhou city henan province in dengfeng, china.
During the play, Violette signs the marriage document with her left hand to invalidate the invoice.
like a number one is the integer before two and after zero.
the storm dropped heavy rain near its immediate landfall, but little precipitation elsewhere.
about 200 to 30 million years ago, the north american plate was in continual collision with the farallon plate.
the british described the cheema as a powerful and united, but quarrelsome tribe.
beginning in 2007, a maximum of two builders may be inducted in a year.
synopsis location: a spanish state prison, a few kilometers from seville time: late 1700s.
before the end of the outbreak, andover, kansas, would record the only f5 tornado of the year -lrb- see andover, kansas tornado outbreak -rrb-.
the hanseatic city of greifswald is enclosed in the district, but not part of it.
the team with the advantage of playing at home organizes games 1, 2, 5 and 7, while the opposition organizes games 3, 4 and 6 -lrb- games 5 to 7 are played "if necessary" - rrb-.
a fugue forms the development section of the last movement of his piano sonata op.
the show is not currently airing in the united states.
he performed regularly to white audiences in the 1900s.
the formation of Armenian revolutionary groups began around the end of the Russo-Turkish War of 1878 and intensified with the first introduction of Article 166 of the Ottoman Penal Code 166 , and the raid on the Cathedral of erzerum.
history the district was created in 1817 under the name of bilsteiner kreis, in 1819 the capital was to be olpe.
eunomia has been observed three times by occulting stars.
its symbol is "$", with "rd$" used when a distinction with other pesos -lrb- or dollars -rrb- is required; its iso 4217 code is "dop".
his work revolutionized traditional tango into a new style called nuevo tango, incorporating elements of jazz and classical music.
the attempted mutiny in 1915 and the lahore conspiracy trials were still in the public eye.
finally , the city had no cultural life which could compete with the artistic domination of wagner .
to help facilitate the resumption of services after the storm passes , cn has also issued an embargo with the association of american railroads against all deliveries to points south of osyka , mississippi .
the key -lrb- v -rrb- indicates that the actor or actress only lent their voice for their film character.
there are fewer western expatriates than in the major centers of abu dhabi and dubai.
it was discovered in 1907 by August Kopff.
initially very disorganized , surface pressures gradually diminished over the entire region , with a weak depression developing on September 19 .
Figaro then arrives and tries to initiate the start of the wedding festivities, but the Count stops him and asks who wrote the anonymous note Basilio gave him.
thal is one of the ten districts of the canton of solothurn in switzerland, located in the center of the canton.
Reservoir Dogs features an ensemble cast with Harvey Keitel, Steve Buscemi, Tim Roth, Michael Madsen, Quentin Tarantino, Chris Penn and Lawrence Tierney.
piper then landed a role in a television commercial promoting the pop magazine's hits.
mohallas nuryali chakargally benne ban seergah sydan salandi choki seergah dana choaha planni bagla sorrah schools government funded public school primary, middle and secondary school for girls public primary, middle, secondary and higher schools for boys.
mergers and outreach, 1921 in 1921, the philharmonic merged with the national symphony orchestra of new york -lrb- unrelated to the present ensemble of washington, dc -rrb- .
over 6,000 navvies were hired for up to two years to build, blast and clear rubble beneath the South Downs to create a Clayton Tunnel.
The team was founded by Alexander Cartwright, considered one of the first developers of modern baseball.
it's an interesting genre since it incorporates both American rock and Pakistani classical music.
a road number is often assigned to a section of public road.
A famous example is his Sudarium of Saint Veronica -lrb- 1649 -rrb-, an engraving of the face of Jesus made from a single spiral line that begins at the tip of Jesus' nose.
she made her debut in series 3 ' smith and jones ' which aired in the uk on march 31 , 2007 .
the effect is also called the hertz effect, the american journal of science.
the partitions were carried out by prussia, russia and austria of the habsburgs dividing the lands of the commonwealth between them.
Witnessing the murder of his colleague Owen, Jack shoots his assassin in the front, killing him in a swift act of revenge.
after receiving several suspended sentences for anti-government activities, yun retired from politics in 1980 and focused mainly on cultural activities until his death in 1990 from diabetes and hypertension arterial.
a district is an administrative division of several countries.
while smaller towns to the east, including gundowring and kergunyah, remained under threat, the cfa said there was no immediate danger to the larger towns of beechworth and yackandandah on the northern edge of the d 'fire.
libra -lrb- 1988 -rrb- is a novel written by don delillo.
Jacques René Chirac -lrb- born November 29, 1932 -rrb- was president of France from May 17, 1995 to May 16, 2007.
under the Police Regulation Act 1862 Pottinger was appointed Inspector of Police for the Western District.
in 1265 , simon de montfort , 6th earl of leicester summons the first elected parliament .
Pasargadae remained the Persian capital until Darius founded another at Persepolis.
1268 - king stephen v of hungary launches a war against bulgaria.
Guillaume J. "bill" bowerman -lrb- February 19, 1911 – December 24, 1999 -rrb- was an American track and field coach and co-founder of nike, inc.
the fire threatened the loy yang power plant, particularly the plant's surface coal mine.
Manchester became the first city in the UK to have a modern light rail system when the Manchester Underground opened in 1992.
Noli Me Tangere was completed in Berlin, Germany on March 29, 1887.
only smuggling across the Syrian border and humanitarian aid have alleviated the humanitarian crisis.
it is the county seat of washington county and, by many definitions, the largest city in an area known as western maryland.
The river originates in Lake Lulusar, nearly 30 miles (48 km) from the Naran Valley.
jewelers often refer to their trade as goldsmithing, and many universities offer degree programs in goldsmithing, jewelry, and blacksmithing under the auspices of their fine arts programs.
In 2005, Boreanaz began starring alongside Emily Deschanel in the current primetime television series, Bones.
Honors Mitsuko Uchida was made an Honorary Commander of the Order of the British Empire -LRB-CBE-RRB- in the 2001 New Year's Honours.
the issue had divided the country, the government, and even Bowell's cabinet.
the town is mostly made up of mud houses and small canals that supply water.
rollercoaster tycoon -lrb- or often abbreviated rct -rrb- is a series of computer games that simulate running an amusement park.
women have less navel fluff due to their finer and shorter hair.
if you are reading this page it is possible that this has happened to your rfa.
history the district was created in 1994 by the merger of the previous districts eisenberg, jena and stadtroda.
Barbara Castle, Minister for Transport, gave approval on 4 August 1967 for the construction of the Brixton Extension.
to the south stretches the laurenzenvorstadt, that is to say the part of the city formerly outside the ramparts.
Most species of Paranthropus seem almost certainly not to have used language or mastered fire, although they are directly associated with the latter at Swartkrans, South Africa.
in syntax, a verb is a word -lrb- as part of speech -rrb- that usually denotes an action -lrb- to bring, read -rrb-, an occurrence -lrb- to decompose, flicker -rrb-, or a state of d 'to be -lrb- exists, remains -rrb-.
sea ​​snakes are mainly found in the indian ocean and the southwest pacific.
he is then the author of the animator's bible the illusion of life with frank thomas.
launched in 1994, instyle currently has a circulation of 1.7 million.
this can be mitigated by using multiple Kerberos servers and fallback authentication mechanisms.
this is also the origin of the terms ante meridiem and post meridiem as shown below.
He scored one goal in Celtic's 1–0 win over Copenhagen in the UEFA Champions League from the penalty spot and scored twice in the 3–0 win over Benfica.
Kerberos protocol messages are protected against eavesdropping and replay attacks.
bagnotar is bounded by the following union councils, on the north by sarbhana, on the east and south by namli maira, and on the west by bagh.
it crossed the Florida peninsula that night, prompting numerous severe thunderstorm and tornado warnings.
the station, and all trains serving it, are operated by national express east anglia.
tag team match for the world tag team championship 08:51 2 chavo guerrero -lrb- c -rrb- defeats jimmy wang yang.
tarvos, or saturn xxi, is an irregular prograde satellite of saturn.
a small community was formed that same year about 4 miles -lrb- 6 km -rrb- east of the present town.
Super Mario RPG: Legend of Seven Stars, often abbreviated and officially known in Japan as, is an adventure/console hybrid role-playing game developed and published by Square -LRB- now Square Enix -RRB- and Nintendo.
some of the characters are entirely fictional, although they may have been based on real people.
In a break from his usual repertoire, he sang "You'll Never Walk Alone" from the Broadway Musical Carousel at the 2005 Berlin 8 Live Concert.
moreover, many feel pathologized simply because they are different.
celestus fowleri is a species of lizard in the family Anguidae.
in the 1990s, the end of the cold war and the normalization of relations between certain countries improved the prospects for the creation of a railway network across the Asian continent.
History and Mandate The Drug Enforcement Administration was established on July 1, 1973, by Reorganization Plan no. 2 of 1973, signed by President Richard Nixon on March 28, 1973.
the national coat of arms of denmark consists of three crowned blue lions flanked by nine red hearts, all within a golden shield.
however, admirals have always required additional facilities; a meeting room large enough to hold all the captains of the fleet, and a place where the Admiral's staff can make plans and write orders.
the san antonio spurs are an american professional basketball team based in san antonio, texas.
SSL and TLs implementations have been widely implemented in several open source software projects.
Other Mario Sports games include the Camelot-developed series Mario Golf and Mario Tennis, and the Mario Superstar Baseball and Super Mario Strikers baseball and football games, respectively.
Today I Feel Stupid, and Other Moods That Make My Day, 1998; listed on the New York Times Bestseller List for 9 weeks.
Islam emphasizes unity and defense of fellow Muslims, although many divisions of Islam -lrb- see Sunni-Shia relations, e.g. -rrb- exist.
this split the tigers into two groups which then developed independently.
the region was the cradle of the Soanian culture, as evidenced by the discovery of fossils, tools, coins and remains of ancient archaeological sites.
the genome includes both genes and non-coding DNA sequences.
melodifestivalen 2008 on february 23 oliv took part in melodifestivalen 2008, playing cello as mickey huskic entered semi-final three.
Muslims performing i'tikaf are required to stay in the mosque for ten consecutive days, often to worship or learn Islam.
these somewhat abstract concerns tend to determine some, but not all, details of a specific concrete market system where buyers and sellers meet and engage in trade.
free lossless audio codec -lrb- flac -rrb- is a file format for lossless audio data compression.
on December 19, 2006, a large white plume of condensing steam was observed, leading some media to speculate that there had been a small eruption.
many municipalities in the region receive their drinking water directly from vättern.
he resumed his post in July, with no apparent reduction in his ruthlessness.
Lady Agnes Hay 's son , Alexander Duff , married Princess Louise , daughter of King Edward VII .
santiago , is the capital and largest city of chile , and the center of its greater conurbation -lrb- greater santiago -rrb- .
Selling is often viewed as success at the expense of credibility.
it is 78% nitrogen and 21% oxygen, with traces of water vapor, carbon dioxide and other gaseous molecules.
he returns in the 2007 series of Doctor Who, reuniting with the tenth incarnation of the Doctor, and returns again for the 2008 series.
luciano spinosi -lrb- born may 9, 1950 in rome -rrb- is a former italian footballer.
etymology the name of this bird commemorates the american ornithologist george newbold lawrence.
punt road passes directly under the station via a major interchange with swan street and brunton avenue.
history the district was formed in 1994 by the merger of the two previous districts marienberg and zschopau.
On January 4, 1999, Mick Foley, who had wrestled for WCW in the early 1990s as Cactus Jack, won the WWE Title as Humanity at Raw.
taylor walks around the scene looking on without interacting with jordison or the women, there is a moment when jordison looks at himself in a mirror and taylor suddenly appears.
these optional movements were known as galanteries: common examples are the minuet, the gavotte, the passepied and the bourrée.
The little book was widely read, especially in Paray.
the barracks were built from large blocks of sandstone and carved into the existing rock on the promontory.
Frederick Hubbard "Fred" Gwynne -lrb- July 10, 1926 July 2, 1993 -rrb- was an American actor.
they are also programmed to play roskilde, rock am ring, pinkpop, give it a festival name and upload it.
2002: the shuttle service is replaced by the suspended monorail called skytrain which connects the terminal to the intercity station.
about half the size of taiwan, it has an area of ​​18,575.5 square kilometers -lrb- 7,172 square miles -rrb-.
Reality TV is a genre of television show that presents supposedly unscripted dramatic or humorous situations, documents real events, and usually features everyday people instead of professional actors.
the wolf at the bottom represents the old administrative headquarters pritzwalk, because walk derives from the Slavic wolk meaning wolf.
Fossils Canowindra is the site of one of the greatest fossil discoveries in the world.
there he explains that christ has two qnome -lrb- essences -rrb-, which are unmixed and eternally united in one parsopa -lrb- personality -rrb-.
the structure was designed by Greek architects Satyros and Pythis.
at 8:30 p.m. he had come to the attention of the watchman of the maritime services commission, james cargill.
it arose from the title of independent princes of Wales in the 12th and 13th centuries.
it serves as an original source of information on the subject.
the most common side effects of taking methylphenidate are nervousness and insomnia.
In the match, Kenny grabbed a steel chair and inserted the chair over Triple H's left knee, similar to what the band did to Michaels.
its elongation has led to the suggestion that eunomia may be a binary object.
the impacts appear to have chipped off large volumes of the asteroid, as suggested by the angular edges of the craters.
Roman Conquest Judea lost its independence to the Romans in the 1st century BC, becoming first a tributary kingdom, then a province, of the Roman Empire.
females have the unique ability to delay the birth of their baby until their previous joey has left the pouch.
the Manchu ethnicity was largely assimilated into the Han Chinese.
clinical trials with ALS patients have shown that riluzole extends survival by several months and may have a greater survival benefit for those with bulbar onset.
he said he would attend a third interrogation session shortly after returning to israel”.
orenthal james "oj" simpson -lrb- born July 9, 1947 -rrb-, nicknamed "the juice", is a retired american football player, actor, spokesman and convicted felon.
this marked the beginning of the line of contact between Soviet and American forces, but not the finalized occupation zones.
the aes ciphers have been thoroughly analyzed and are now used worldwide, as was the case with its predecessor, the -lrb- des -rrb- data encryption standard.
carpets, rugs, pile, velor, and velor are made by interweaving a secondary yarn through a woven fabric, creating a nap or pile.
to accommodate cranbourne's growth, several primary schools were proposed.
the collective term for all types of ammunition is ammunition.
osbourne later became a judge on the talent show x factor and america's got talent.
Bangui's manufactured goods include textiles, foodstuffs, beer, shoes, and soap.
he earned a doctorate in 1950 with a 28-page thesis on non-cooperative games.
Pontedera is an Italian industrial town in Tuscany, Italy, in the administrative province of Pisa.
in addition, there are 10 stations on the ground and four above ground.
sir simon denis rattle , cbe , frsa , -lrb- born 19 January 1955 -rrb- is an english conductor.
lothar -lrb- "emma" -rrb- emmerich -lrb- November 29, 1941 August 13, 2003 -rrb- was a German football -lrb- soccer -rrb- player.
after a version of a software package has remained in unstable mode for a period of time -lrb- depending on the urgency of the software changes -rrb- , this package is automatically migrated to the testing distribution.
when south africa became a republic in 1961, pretoria remained its administrative capital.
a fundamental link has been noticed between moduli theory and the p-adic l-functions defined in the 1960s by kubota and leopoldt.
Progress in tar development was hampered by political and economic obstacles throughout the 1960s, 1970s and early 1980s.
1263 – the rulers of the eastern part of Iceland become the last to swear allegiance to the Norwegian king, bringing a more complete end to the Icelandic Commonwealth and the Icelandic Civil War.
originally designed for Apple II, they were later ported to other platforms.
John Lennon and Yoko Ono perform their bed-in at the Queen Elizabeth Hotel in Montreal, Quebec.
eventually 58 of his 77 published works appeared for the first time in the pages of the journal.
History Sunday Mail was first launched on May 2, 1982, as a complement to Daily Mail.
she accepted, and light was restored to the earth.
Microsoft removed all development of its java-lrb-jvm-rrb- virtual machine from windows 2000 to sp3.
many women begin their careers as adults.
Kevin Ferguson -lrb- born February 8, 1974 -rrb-, better known as Kimbo Slice, is a Baha'i-American mixed martial arts fighter.
to the north the canton is bounded by the Swiss cantons of Vaud and Bern; the cantons of uri and ticino lie to the east.
South Somerset is a local government district in Somerset, England.
they are distinguished from higher plants by the absence of true roots, stems or leaves.
about ten percent of the known runestones announce travels and deaths of men abroad.
his end of life was marked by stereo recordings with the Columbia Symphony Orchestra.
a similar arrangement is found today at the Château de Tarascon.
she also travels frequently to mainland china, hong kong, malaysia and singapore for promotional tours.
there are also four stations, reserved for future service: volokolamskaya of the tagansko-krasnopresnenskaya line, delovoi tsentr of the kalininskaya and solntsevskaya lines and park pobedy of the solntsevskaya line.
career he studied with english-born composer henry hugo pierson in stuttgart, and with william sterndale bennett and pianist edward dannreuther in london.
historical the district was created on June 12, 1994 by the fusion of the old districts röbel and waren, and of some municipalities of the districts malchin and neustrelitz.
It was erected to commemorate the victory of Constantine I over Maxentius at the Battle of Milvian Bridge on October 28, 312.
the video premiered on mtv2 on July 14, 2006.
james howard "jim" thome -lrb-; born August 27, 1970 in -rrb- is a major league baseball designated hitter for the chicago white sox.
his work is often cited as the basis and motivation for contemporary patriots and national activists.
surnames aaron scock , member of the united states house of representatives representing the 18th district of illinois .
the current president is tarja halonen -lrb- sdp -rrb- .
the legal authority of the census bureau is codified in title 13 of the united states code.
some drinks such as ales and stouts, for example guinness, rely on this effect to produce the "foam" on the surface of the poured product.
Originally, she was considered the patron goddess of Lower Egypt, and therefore depicted as a ferocious lioness.
the mechanical properties of nanosystems are of interest to research in nanomechanics.
in 2006, phil downing left the group, citing communication problems with the other members.
variant spellings in English include felafel and filafil.
Privately, Hindenburg often complained that he had missed the calm of his retirement and lamented that he had allowed himself to be pressured into running for president.
The giant Hispaniolian gall wasp -lrb- celestus warreni -rrb- is a species of lizard in the family Anguidae.
he played there on his only album with the group one hot minute in 1995.
only traits that help us survive and reproduce are passed on.
the administration of the port is ensured by the karachi port trust which was created in the 19th century.
much of the block ciphers use the scheme, including the -lrb- data encryption standard of -rrb-.
Gothic architecture is more familiar than the architecture of many great cathedrals, abbeys and parish churches in Europe.
A Storm of Swords is the third of seven planned novels in A Song of Ice and Fire, an epic fantasy series by American author George RR Martin.
they differ from butterflies in several ways.
some academic journals refer to wikipedia articles, but do not elevate them to the same level as traditional references.
it took three months and 250 troops to roll the gun barrels from north sydney to the batteries.
In Saturday night's main event, Batista won a six-way match with Rey Mysterio and Bobby Lashley over King Booker, Finlay and Mark Henry.
this volcano is well known for its ash explosions and pyroclastic flows.
Shatner also played the title of veteran police sergeant in tj hooker from 1982 to 1986.
Early the next day, Gabrielle's remains were absorbed by an approaching cold front.
economy the only significant economic activity is agriculture.
2003 – 2005 In 2003, he played a villainous role in the third part of the spy kids spy kids 3-d trilogy: a game which was a huge box office success -lrb- nearly 200 million dollars in the world -rrb- .
After Schidlof's death from a heart attack in 1987, the Amadeus Quartet disbanded.
live at wembley '86 is a live double album on compact disc by English rock band queen.
it is the fourth and final novel in his fictional universe hyperion cantos.
this was the first use of franklin to name a tropical storm after the 1999 season hurricane floyd was withdrawn.
the first mayor of gaborone was the reverend derek jones.
tehsils & unions in the district of mardan - government of pakistan it is located at 34° 26' 0n 72° 3' 0e and has an elevation of 406 meters -lrb- 1335 feet -rrb- .
much of the province lies in the plain of the arno river and has thus become an exurban extension around the city of florence.
there are currently over six hundred Linux distributions.
Bisexual pornography differs from threesome pornography, which usually depicts one man and two women.
the storm weakened over land on August 26 to become a tropical storm, but regained strength to hurricane status at 2:00 a.m. edt -lrb- 0600 utc -rrb-, about an hour after completed its passage through Florida and entered the Gulf of Mexico.
He was an exceptionally active activist and critic in Italy's crisis years after World War I and in the early years of the Fascist regime.
berlin and paris have developed flourishing emigrant communities.
if you don't agree that early closure is a good thing, please ask the editor who closed it to reverse their actions.
After reviewing the documents, some historians suggest that Adams does not deserve the same credit as the glassmaker.
in 326 BC. AD, most of the dozen or so political units of the ancient Gandhara/Kamboja Mahajanapadas were conquered by the Macedonian conqueror.
special subscription formulas are offered to schools, colleges and libraries; these institutional subscribers are a significant part of britannica's business.
the ends where a continental divide meets the coast are not always defined, as the exact boundary between adjacent water bodies is usually not clearly defined.
it has a stopper at the top and a tap -lrb- tap -rrb-, at the bottom.
Penshurst Place in Kent, England has a slightly modified 14th century example.
in conceptual summary, a digital signal is a quantized discrete-time signal; a discrete-time signal is a sampled analog signal.
Jules captured footage of American Airlines Flight 11 hitting the North Tower of the World Trade Center.
On October 14, US reconnaissance observed the construction of missile bases in Cuba.
In 1187, Saladin defeated the armies of the Crusades at the Battle of Hattin, largely because he was able to cut off the Crusaders from the precious fresh water of the Sea of ​​Galilee.
Nearctic -lrb- 1954 1973 -rrb- was a Canadian thoroughbred racehorse.
Due to the lack of major effects from Hurricane Cindy, the name has not been retired by the World Meteorological Organization and will be on the list of names for the 2011 season.
Tibooburra has an arid, desert climate with temperatures exceeding 40° celsius -lrb- 104° f -rrb- in the summer, often reaching 47° c -lrb- 117° f -rrb-.
third, for some color-blind people, color cannot be distinguished unless there is sufficient "mass" of color: thin lines may appear black while a thicker line of the same color may be perceived as having color. color.
oliver rolf kahn -lrb- born june 15, 1969 in karlsruhe -rrb- is a former german football goalkeeper.
further generalizations of the main conjecture proved by the euler system method have been obtained by karl rubin, among others.
of Jewish descent , he changed his surname to his paternal grandmother 's maiden name , waley , in 1914 .
a video game publisher is a company that publishes video games that it has either developed internally or had developed by a video game developer.
Lenzburg transformed into the economic center of the region in the 19th century.
food is a big reason why el puerto de santa maria attracts hundreds of tourists.
topics such as the sanctity of marriage, adultery, alcoholism, prostitution, and religions are woven throughout the album.
the citizens expelled it in 1552, allying with France: this was unacceptable to Charles, who sent his general Gian Giacomo Medici to besiege it with a Florentine-Imperial army.
2002 2003 Seasons Warner started the 2002 0 3 season as a starter, throwing seven interceptions against just one touchdown.
regional influences at the end of the 12th century europe was divided into a multitude of city-states and kingdoms.
at its height, chang'an was one of the largest and most populous cities in the world.
the most famous example is the lineage of the Dalai Lamas; the current Dalai Lama, tenzin gyatso, is considered the fourteenth emanation of the mind stream, the first being gendun drup -lrb- 1391 – 1474 -rrb-.
it is produced by antix productions, led by yvette fielding and her husband, karl beattie.
At the start of the new millennium, Stallone starred in the thriller Get Carter – a remake of Michael Caine's 1971 British film of the same name – but the film was poorly received by critics and audiences.
specific reliability issues may include: the system cannot be safely shut down for repair, or it is too inaccessible to repair.
the overall distribution of income is heavily concentrated at the top, with the top 6.37% earning about a third of all income, and those in the upper middle incomes controlling a large, albeit declining, share of total labor income .
a cream background indicates an event that was part of the pre-war European Championship.
megalibgwilia is a genus of echidna known only from Australian fossils that incorporates the oldest known species of echidna.
terrorists have taken over las vegas to instill widespread panic in the public as well as law enforcement agencies, such as the national security agency, north atlantic treaty organization, rainbow -sky, as well as the local swat.
Note that two recorded storms, Hurricane Alice in the 1954 season and Tropical Storm Zeta in the 2005 season, formed in December and lasted through January.
Aigné is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays-de-la-Loire region in northwestern France.
the cast included Waheed Murad, Shamim Ara, Deeba, Ibrahim Nafees and Talish.
biography Nikodinov is the daughter of Bulgarian immigrants and is fluent in Bulgarian.
98% of the university's entering class in 2006 had a GPA of 3.0 and above, while the middle 50% of the entering class had an overall GPA of 3.60 to 3.90.
If you absolutely must specify a font size, use a relative size like font-size: 80% , not an absolute size like font-size: 8pt .
history rockingham was first surveyed in 1847 , it was listed as a town in 1897 .
Oen Siew Yock became Principal in 2005 when Ong transferred to Nan Chiau Secondary School.
in 1941, Reichsführer-SS Heinrich Himmler, announced that additional units for the Waffen-SS would be raised from non-German foreign nationals.
dijon is the historical capital of the province of burgundy.
the islands are considered Australian territory and are administered from Thursday Island.
spider kiss -lrb- originally titled rockabilly -rrb- is a 1961 novel by author harlan ellison.
he died aged 41 in canterbury of apoplexy, and a monument was built to him in canterbury cathedral.
it was discovered in 1949 by walter baade.
etymology tirunelveli is also called nellai.
44-47 plans call for the long-term replacement of the bus network with rail as the primary mode of public transport.
Montero gave his first public performance at the age of five.
since the church of satan does not publish information about its members, it is not known how many members belong to the church.
the season was officially canceled on February 16, 2005 due to an unresolved lockout that began on September 16, 2004.
on July 19, 2000, he formed -lrb- with the other singers anison hironobu kageyama, masaaki endoh, eizo sakamoto and rica matsumoto -rrb- the "supergroup" jam project.
zoutleeuw is a municipality and a city in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
they will float up to the level of the upper platform then descend to harass and attack zub.
a chorister is a student at a university or private school who receives a scholarship in exchange for singing in the school or university choir.
previously the language was written in the Míkmaq hieroglyphic script, a script of partially indigenous origin.
m is the thirteenth letter of the basic modern Latin alphabet.
former member of the federal council josef escher was born in simplon.
At home in the Haworth Parsonage, Charlotte and the other surviving children — Branwell, Emily and Anne — began recounting the lives and struggles of the inhabitants of their imaginary kingdoms.
he also invented the binary system, the foundation of virtually all modern computer architecture.
sacred music though rore is best known for his italian madrigals, he was also a prolific composer of sacred music, both for masses and motets.
Stieler began his career as a painter of miniatures.
wilma may refer to: wilma is a feminine given name originating from an abbreviated form of the German name wilhelmina.
storm names 2006 storm names alberto helene beryl isaac chris debby ernesto florence gordon the names given were used for named storms that formed in the north atlantic in 2006 .
extensions were added in 1980 to both ends of the bloor-danforth line.
he is a member of austrian writers associations grazer autorenversammlung -lrb-gav -rrb-gav membership list , entry on klaus ebner , retrieved 2009-02-12 .
The Hubble Space Telescope observed Fortuna in 1993.
in some videos, the woman may demand that her "straight" husband or boyfriend perform sexual acts with the other man as a "punishment" for infidelity -lrb- see cuckold -rrb-.
the album featured more creative input from the quartet, although they still relied on a heavy production team including rodney jerkins, missy elliott, chad elliot and tony's dwayne wiggins!
Administrative Termination Memberships may be terminated at the discretion of the governing body of the Church of Satan consisting of the High Priest, High Priestess, and Council of Nine.
the Saturnian lunar rhea may have a tenuous ring system consisting of three narrow, relatively dense bands within a particulate disk.
he is also co-creator of the short-lived cult TV show Profit.
Vietnam War: Four F-4C Phantoms escorting a bombing raid at Kang Chi are the targets of anti-aircraft missiles in the first such attack on US aircraft during the war.
diagnosis is made by seeing these symptoms, having a history of exposure is also helpful but not always found as kennel cough is easily spread through contact with contaminated surfaces such as the floor, toys, sidewalks, playpens dogs.
Toller Shalitoe Montague Cranston, CM -lrb- born April 20, 1949 -rrb- is a Canadian figure skater.
however, the Saltire design of the Alabama state flag also resembles several other flags.
following heraclius, the title commonly becomes the Greek basileus -lrb-gr.
the chronicler juan de betanzos who provides us with most of the information relating to the huáscar-atahualpa civil war describes the tyranny of huáscar.
Inter-ethnic tensions culminated in a horrific massacre, in which most Armenians in the city of Shusha perished.
most of the population was engaged in agriculture, dairy farming or tanning.
mobile browsers are optimized to display web content most effectively on the small screens of portable devices.
The Japanese cloudy salamander -lrb- hynobius nebulosus -rrb- is a species of salamander in the family Hynobiidae.
major characters included otto ernst remer, a former major general, and fritz dorls.
swamp life the first tetrapods are now thought to have evolved in shallow, swampy freshwater habitats, towards the end of the Devonian period, just over 365 million years ago.
the following year, a newspaper solicited eleven design proposals -lrb- all but one of which were a Nordic cross -rrb- and polled people to determine the most popular.
Awake is a 2007 thriller thriller film written and directed by Joby Harold.
before 1858, the precursor units of the Indian Army were company-controlled units paid for by their profits.
the st andrew, also called a badge-append, is worn suspended from the collar.
the 1992 winter games were the last to be held in the same year as the summer games.
hahn has performed with orchestras such as the london symphony orchestra, new york philharmonic orchestra, stuttgart radio symphony orchestra and singapore symphony orchestra.
on 30 june 2006 bbc radio 3 broadcast "the night waves" to commemorate the anniversary of the battle of the somme.
its inaugural concert took place in tel aviv on 26 December 1936 and was conducted by arturo toscanini.
the first generator -lrb- no. 22 -rrb- on the south side of the dam started working on June 11, 2007.
the post office was established on may 24, 1897 and takes its name from the koweta mission.
The gentoo penguin, Pygoscelis papua, is easily recognized by the broad white stripe that extends like a cap over the top of its head.
Munroe Bight north of Cape Pillar is named after the former American barque James Munroe which was shipwrecked there in 1850.
references external links mariano jose de larra in the miguel de cervantes virtual library .
conference of archbishop jean-louis tauran, april 22, 2002 the holy see, and not the vatican city, maintains diplomatic relations with the states and participates in international organizations.
around 1125, her father died and she succeeded him as countess of boulogne.
Armand Jean du Plessis de Richelieu, Cardinal-Duke of Richelieu -lrb- September 9, 1585 – December 4, 1642 -rrb-, was a French clergyman, nobleman and statesman.
although these parties may describe themselves as 'libertarian', their ideologies differ considerably and not all embrace all elements of the libertarian agenda.
conjunction is a term used in positional astronomy and astrology.
the town of carluke -lrb- gaelic: cathair moluaig -rrb- lies in the heart of the lanarkshire countryside in south lanarkshire, scotland, 5.4 miles north-west of lanark and 5 miles south -east of wishaw.
in the third round, the conference finals, the two remaining teams from each conference play each other, with the conference champions advancing to the stanley cup final.
a batter against whom three strikes are recorded strikes.
however, by the end of the film, she is more outgoing and confident.
however, he was criticized for un action during the 1994 rwandan genocide, which officially claimed more than a million lives, and he appeared unable to muster un support to intervene in the ongoing Angolan civil war.
this disease is often benign and the attacks often go unnoticed.
bridges in the united states is a page of links to any notable bridge in the united states of america.
in modern times, 70% to 90% of the waters are used for human purposes and the flow rate is very low.
in June 2001, the angle gained in intensity as the storylines of the wwf toned down somewhat to make way for the central storyline of the invasion.
in 1997, he was forced to leave his house after it was flooded with water from the reservoir.
she subsequently appeared in several episodes of the television series nypd blue in 1994 and 1995.
although it had a similar orbit to flora family asteroids, 298 baptistina was found to be an unrelated intruder.
this is a list of victims of Nazism who have been noted for their achievements.
its active repertoire ranges from bach to penderecki, from vivaldi to shostakovich, containing more than 40 works with orchestra and around 60 works for chamber music.
the komodo dragon's diet is varied and includes invertebrates, other reptiles -lrb- including smaller komodo dragons -rrb-, birds, bird eggs, small mammals, monkeys, boars, goats, deer, horses and water buffaloes.
The Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport is a UK Cabinet position responsible for the Department of Culture, Media and Sport.
Christians believe it was written by human authors under the inspiration of holy spirit, and so for many it is considered the infallible word of god.
biochemistry is the study of chemical processes in living organisms.
it is the capital of giza governorate, and is located near the northeast border of that governorate in coordinates.
it is primarily associated with the holiday of Halloween, and was named after the strange light phenomenon shimmering above the bogs, called the ignis fatuus or jack-o'-lantern.
elliot goldenthal -lrb- born May 2, 1954 -rrb- is an American composer of contemporary classical music awarded with an academy and a golden globe.
it is the 9th most populous city in sweden.
in world war two , the battle of france , also known as the fall of france , was the german invasion of france and the low countries , executed from may 10 , 1940 , which ended the funny war.
boosh quickly produced three stage shows – the mighty boosh -lrb- 1998 -rrb-, arctic boosh -lrb- 1999 -rrb- and autoboosh -lrb- 2000 -rrb- – all of which were taken to the outskirts of edinburgh.
Pittsburg is a city located in Camp County, Texas.
previous versions were based on knoppix.
goya submitted applications to the royal academy of fine arts in 1763 and 1766, but was refused entry.
i elara only received its current name in 1975; before that it was simply known as .
many have distinct food preferences and regularly occur in close association with their food species.
while the weight of matter depends entirely on the force of gravity, the mass of matter is invariant.
he excelled in history throughout his school years while his grades in other subjects remained average.
Moderate flooding was reported in Acapulco, causing landslides in some areas.
however, some lemurs possess grooming claws.
streets were designated "east" or "west" if they crossed James Street or Highway 6.
a first language -lrb- also mother tongue, mother tongue, arterial language, or l1 -rrb- is the language that a human being learns from birth.
armageddon -lrb- 2008 -rrb- was a professional wrestling pay-per-view -lrb- ppv -rrb- event produced by the world wrestling entertainment -lrb- wwe -rrb- promotion, held on December 14, 2008 at hsbc arena in Buffalo, New York.
this film is one of director shabab kiranvi's masterpieces.
that year the festival was moved to other local venues, but the following year the hall was rebuilt and once again opened by the Queen, this time at the start of the 1970 festival .
in the list below, Plato's works are marked -lrb- 1 -rrb- if there is no consensus among scholars as to whether Plato is the author, and -lrb- 2 -rrb — though scholars generally agree that Plato is not the author of the work.
Before her husband ascended the throne, from 1923 to 1936, she was known as the Duchess of York.
Rotten Tomatoes reported the film to have a 37% "Rotten" rating, based on 103 reviews.
german battleship bismarck is one of the most famous warships of world war 2.
Joseph Chamberlain -lrb- 8 July 1836 2 July 1914 -rrb- was an influential British businessman, politician and statesman.
In popular culture, Rice's songs have appeared numerous times in popular movies and television shows, adding to his mainstream success.
the name perth was therefore used for a number of other settlements around the world.
in geology, a supercontinent is a landmass comprising more than one continental core, or craton.
the komodo dragon -lrb- varanus komodoensis -rrb- is a venomous species of lizard that inhabits the islands of komodo, rinca, flores and gili motang in indonesia.
it is located near the cities of lille and tourcoing and the belgian border.
a material such as gold, which is chemically inert on the normal scale, can serve as a powerful chemical catalyst on the nanoscale.
he received the punishment of being forced to cut an apple on his son Walter's head or both would be executed.
breast intercourse can also be combined with oral sex.
he became head of the old east church in october 1968 and moved to baghdad.
he tells the story of the holy grail, and reveals himself to be lohengrin, knight of the holy grail and son of king parsifal.
The West African Secondary School Certificate Examination -LRB- Wassce -RRB- is a type of standardized test in West Africa.
As relations between Iraq and Kuwait deteriorated rapidly, Saddam received conflicting information about how the United States would react to the prospects of an invasion.
zhengzhou is the provincial capital and most populous city.
united nations career he led the norwegian delegation to the united nations conference in san francisco in 1946 and was a leader in drafting the provisions of the united nations security council.
pretoria previously had a rather grim image as 'the capital of apartheid south africa'.
With approximately 77 million members, the Anglican Communion is the third largest Christian communion in the world, after the Roman Catholic Church and the Eastern Orthodox churches.
In the 1987 HBO television Plot: The Trial of Chicago 8, Hoffman was portrayed by Michael Lembeck.
the national party , advocating a policy of " change " , won 45% of the party's votes and 59 of the 122 seats in parliament -lrb- two excess seats -rrb- , a substantial margin over the labor party which won 43 seats .
in 1861, parts of caldwell county, burke county, mcdowell county, watauga county and yancey county were combined to form mitchell county.
the left side derives from the former coat of arms of the district lüdinghausen, while the right side comes from the former district coesfeld.
the picturesque town remains an important cultural center, especially for humanistic disciplines.
it is sometimes recommended to fight against diarrhea, because it is rich in pectin.
originally it was part of the county of bentheim , before it became independent in 1454 .
Between 1911 and 1913 he was employed by his uncle in the Coal Mining Branch office in West Virginia.
the habitable zone -lrb- hz -rrb- in astronomy is a region of space where stellar conditions are favorable for life as found on earth.
this loose alliance became a margravate under the bohemian crown in 1378.
nevertheless, the raja has equal status with the other rulers and is among the electors who designate one of them as yang di-pertuan agong every five years.
suggested etiologies of the name "kavirondo" include young local warriors, armed with spears, bows, arrows and clubs, who have been observed sitting on their heels, which in Kiswahili is kaa virondo.
a title -lrb- "flying" -rrb- is a 1967 composition attributed to the four members of the beatles -lrb- lennon-mccartney-harrison-starr -rrb-.
telephone cables ran through the tunnels, down the cliff and under the harbor to the batteries on the other side.
Captain Feathersword Captain Feathersword, "the friendly pirate", wears a hat, crest, puffy shirt and wields a "feathered sword".
teams in green clinched the remaining ten playoff spots.
in popular music, a side project is a project undertaken by one or more people already known for their involvement in another group.
in 1967 he became chairman of the spd fraction of the landtag, and in 1970 minister for science and education in the cabinet of minister-president heinz kühn.
the word is derived from 'pahar' meaning mountain.
its distinctive speckled coloration has earned it the common name gypsy moth.
the district is almost entirely French-speaking and has a population of 35,175 inhabitants -lrb- at the end of 2005 -rrb-.
biological classification is a form of scientific taxonomy, but should be distinguished from popular taxonomy, which lacks a scientific basis.
tributes the gould league, founded in australia in 1909, bears his name.
they are now abolished, although in northern ireland their former areas serve as the basis of the lieutenancy.
the "angels" name comes from the city that was their original home, los angeles.
Article 166 was intended to control the possession of weapons, but it was used to target Armenians by limiting them to the possession of weapons.
he was a sure tackler and it was almost impossible to fool him on shrewd moves.
it peaked at number 3 on the UK Singles Chart.
After her grandfather's death in 1850, she was trained to teach, but her refusal to recognize Napoleon III prevented her from serving in a public school.
edmontonia was an armored dinosaur, part of the nodosaur family from the late Cretaceous period.
boulogne-billancourt -lrb- often colloquially referred to simply as boulogne -rrb- is a commune in the western suburbs of paris, france.
with a population of c. 86,000, the municipality of Kolding is the seventh largest in Denmark.
Brig is an administrative district of the canton of Valais, Switzerland.
gasoline, coal, natural gas, diesel and other products derived from fossil fuels are non-renewable.
Later in life she corresponded with Gustave Flaubert.
horgen is an administrative district of the swiss canton of zurich.
the majority of his anger is generated in endless battles with vyvyan, which he invariably loses.
Jardin Place Jean Bayol is a large square which contains a statue of the first king of Porto-Novo.
he discovered a number of asteroids, including the Trojan asteroids 617 Patroclus and 624 Hektor.
The Royal Library of Turin is a World Heritage Site in Turin, Italy.
the armies of the East India Company were recruited mainly from Muslims from the Bengal Presidency, which consisted of Bengal, Bihar and Uttar Pradesh, and high-caste Hindus recruited mainly from the rural plains of the 'ooh.
while at the cowles foundation, his research focused primarily on neo-classical growth theory, following the seminal work of solow.
February 20, 2007, encyclopædia britannica, inc. announced that it was working with cell phone research company askmenow to launch a mobile encyclopedia.
a regiment is a military unit, composed of a variable number of battalions, commanded by a colonel.
most admin requests take seven days to complete after being transcluded on the main rfa page.
references external links lark rise to candleford at bbc .
aang has appeared in other media, such as trading cards, video games, t-shirts, and web comics.
Director Richard Link later discusses this novel in his film Waking Life, which begins with a scene reminiscent of another dick novel, Time Out of Joint.
Under the order, approximately 200 buses are available in San Antonio and Houston to assist with evacuations.
kevin michael costner -lrb- born January 18, 1955 -rrb- is an American actor, musician, producer and director.
a conflict ensues, and when Clara helps the Nutcracker throw his shoe at the Mouse King, the Nutcracker seizes the opportunity and stabs him.
Fontane's first published work, the short story Geschwisterliebe -lrb- or "Brotherly Love" -rrb-, appeared in the Berlin Figaro in December 1839.
Werner Heisenberg -lrb- December 5, 1901 - February 1, 1976 -rrb- was a German theoretical physicist who made fundamental contributions to quantum mechanics and is best known for asserting the uncertainty principle of quantum theory.
it is the heart of all the commercial activities of the country.
Two and a Half Men is an American television sitcom, which premiered on CBS on Monday, September 22, 2003.
the tdl group announced in march 2006, in response to a request from the chief of the defense staff, general rick hillier, its commitment to open a franchise branch at the canadian forces operating base in kandahar, in Afghanistan.
Pethidine is also relatively contraindicated when a patient has liver or kidney disease, has a history of seizures or epilepsy, has an enlarged prostate or urinary retention problems, or suffers from hypothyroidism, asthma or Addison's disease.
when the wells are lost to pollution, there is no city water that can be brought in because the city government has no wells of its own.
Cherryade was first produced in the 19th century, along with other drinks such as lemonade and ginger beer, which had come into existence due to the popularity of lemonade.
In 1998, he co-starred with Uma Thurman in the off-broadway production of The Misanthrope.
andrew "andy" murray -lrb- born May 15, 1987 -rrb- is a Scottish professional tennis player.
in the early 1920s, honegger rose to fame with his "dramatic psalm" king david -lrb- "king david" -rrb-, which is still part of the choral repertoire.
will & grace became a ratings success, and messing gained fame.
22 Kalliope -lrb-, -rrb- is a large m-type main-belt asteroid, discovered by Jr Hind on November 16, 1852.
the first fifteen asteroids to be discovered were given symbols by astronomers as a type of shorthand notation.
her parents moved from gomel, belarus, after the chernobyl nuclear accident in 1986 affected the area.
extinction non-avian dinosaurs suddenly went extinct about 65 million years ago.
one of them, zadok the priest, has been performed at every British coronation ceremony since.
the main protagonist, nausicaä, is a charismatic young princess from the peaceful Valley of the Wind.
despite their similarity to members of the genus mus, scientists suspect that African spiny mice may be closer to gerbils than house mice.
trohman did not match the band in terms of familiarity with the music and in terms of stage presence.
Koop was a somewhat eccentric and flamboyant figure, well known for his mustacheless beard and colorful bow ties.
it is the third largest subdivision in china covering approximately 1,200,000 km² -lrb- 463,000 square miles -rrb- or 12% of china's land area.
the baltic sea empties into the kattegat through the oresund and the danish strait.
the last election took place on September 18, 2005, the 16th bundestag met on October 18, 2005.
current stations most stations bear the name of the nearest main road through which the line in question passes.
tropical storm arlene formed near honduras on june 8 and tracked north.
platformer, or platformer, is a genre of video game characterized by jumping to and from suspended platforms or over obstacles.
it was once one of the products of gas works.
Indications Approved indications for codeine include: cough, although its effectiveness in low-dose over-the-counter formulations has been disputed.
On the January 16 episode of Friday Night Smackdown, it was announced that Swagger would defend the ECW Title against Hardy in a rematch at the Royal Rumble.
A print server, or print server, is a computer or device that is connected to one or more printers and client computers on a network, and can accept print jobs from the computers and send jobs to the appropriate printers.
a ship is a large vessel that floats on water.
tobiko flying fish eggs, very crunchy, orange-red in color.
this was named by the English, but the megalithic mound significantly predates them.
by the early 1880s the population was in decline.
it had maximum sustained winds of , and a minimum pressure of 1002 mbar .
reproducible ideas and work at zero or even near zero cost.
the team moved from houston to tennessee state in 1997, first playing in memphis for one season before moving to nashville.
a punt is a flat-bottomed boat with a square bow, designed for use in small rivers or other shallow water.
the electromagnetic spectrum is the range of all possible frequencies of electromagnetic radiation.
Prime lenses generally have a larger maximum aperture -lrb- smaller f-number -rrb- than zoom lenses.
With 27.7% of daily crude oil production halted due to the depression, oil prices rose further after days of rising, and on September 20 hit a record high of over $84 a barrel.
that same year, he starred alongside matt damon, ben affleck and chris o'donnell in school ties.
the conductor later claimed that the train dispatcher signaled a green light to him using his hand lamp.
location and habitat the area most populated by this fish is at the junction of the amazon river and the rio negro, near the inner city of manaus in brazil.
he has composed and arranged the scores for more than 500 film and television productions.
he threw jörmungandr into the great ocean that encircles Midgard.
hawk nelson is a christian rock band from peterborough, ontario.
naming the mountain derives its name from the German words matte, which means meadow, and horn, which means peak.
it drifted west, and the next day organized into a subtropical depression.
this makes her a first cousin of the king's second wife, Anne Boleyn.
On August 7, 1953, Congress passed an act retroactively setting the date of Ohio's statehood to March 1, 1803, the date Ohio's first legislature convened.
the employee was eventually rehired at another nearby location.
microsoft windows includes an implementation of ssl and tls as part of its secure channels package.
forecasters then said franklin could "reach and maintain hurricane strength" and come close to bermuda.
in Shinto worship, kami are asked to leave takama-ga-hara and enter a shrine or other purified place.
the direct transmission of mechanical energy required industries using hydroelectricity to settle near the waterfall.
she was also a declamation instructor there.
the team's name comes from the burning of atlanta led by u.s. army general william sherman during the american civil war.
the Polish people, or poles -lrb-, singular polak -rrb-, are a West Slavic ethnic group of Central Europe, living primarily in Poland.
in biology, signal transduction refers to any process by which a cell converts one type of signal or stimulus to another.
she is the daughter of the famous hong kong singer teresa carpio, with whom she performed on stage as a backing vocalist.
Area codes in Germany -lrb- vorwahl German -rrb- have two to five digits, not including the leading zero.
physically, they may resemble mice, rats, voles, or hamsters, depending on the species and subfamily.
it involved WCW wrestlers "invading" WWF television in an attempt to "take control" of WWF.
the riot continued until the early hours of the morning, when the police used firefighters' water hoses to disperse the crowd.
galileo imaged almost the entire surface of metis and imposed constraints on its composition in 1998.
atlantic hurricane seasons prior to 1600 1600s/10s 1620s/30s observational data from years prior to 1492 are completely unavailable as record keeping was virtually non-existent in pre-Columbian times, and any records that may have once existed have long since been lost.
geography off the north coast of the province, some -lrb-cayes -rrb- of the jardines del rey archipelago are being developed as tourist resorts, mainly cayo coco and cayo guillermo.
this sexual imbalance, combined with the effective enslavement of Tahitian men by the mutineers, led to the insurrection and the death of most of the men.
it is generally perceived as upscale and more sophisticated than men's magazines, such as maxim or fhm.
note that adrastea is now the name of another satellite of jupiter.
Dubai maintained its importance as a trade route in the 1970s and 1980s.
she has written over a hundred books.
Bury St Edmunds is the terminus of the A1101, Britain's lowest road.
The Golden Gloves are open to all non-professional pugilists 16 years and older.
From 1911, Rij-Rousseau exhibited his works at the Salon d'Automne, the Salon des Indépendants and the Salon des Tuileries.
whedon, companion firefly, vol 1, 6 whedon wanted to develop a show about the tactile nature of life, a show where existence was more physical and more difficult.
it was discovered by scott s. Sheppard et al.
Joe Byrne began school at Woolshed Catholic School in 1862.
the shared secret is either shared beforehand between the communicating parties, in which case it can also be called a pre-shared key.
in 2007, lessing won the nobel prize for literature.
in 1870, more than 2,000 children were housed in five homes.
to score consistent hits at medium or long range, players must aim using the iron sights of their weapons.
individuals have also illegally destroyed some trees and are believed to have introduced insect pests from Australia that attack the trees.
candy cane is a traditional candy surrounding Christmas celebrations, especially in the western world, although it is possible to find it throughout the year.
hear derives from the Anglo-Norman word meaning to listen.
a cocktail is a style of mixed drink.
the 1974 Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 1, 1974, and lasted until November 30, 1974.
Moenjodaro is located 7 km east-south of the town of Dokri.
it was first published on 16 november 1998 in the uk , although the first american edition did not follow until march 1999 .
Koxinga is dedicated to making Taiwan an effective base for Anti-Qing Dynasty sympathizers who want to restore the Ming Dynasty to power.
references external links 121 hermione and s/2002 -lrb- 121 -rrb- 1 , orbit data site maintained by f. steps.
Stuart Buchanan as Humbert the Hunter: Despite his status as the queen's assassin, the hunter can't stand killing Snow White, even when the queen orders him to take the princess's heart.
inductors are also used in electrical transmission systems, where they are used to reduce voltages from lightning strikes and to limit switching currents and fault currents.
Daikokuten evolved from the Indian deity, Shiva.
there he appeared in several plays, including Macbeth, The Threepenny Opera and Henry V, in which he played the title role.
gorani avoids discussing his political and religious views, citing the need for professional neutrality.
alcazar has participated many times in melodifestivalen, the annual competition which selects Swedish entries for the eurovision song contest.
rainfall occurs only 2 to 3 times a year, never exceeding 20 mm.
the wakker prize -lrb- in german: wakkerpreis , in french prix wakker , in italian premio wakker -rrb- is awarded each year by the swiss heritage society to a swiss municipality for the development and preservation of its architectural heritage.
since then, 51 ghost and electric blue watermelons have received nominations in this same category.
in 2001, he was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame.
Boorowa is a farming town in New South Wales, Australia.
structure and rules a match between two opponents consists of up to eleven alternating rounds of boxing and chess sessions, beginning with a four-minute round of chess followed by three minutes of boxing and so on.
Stoke will play their home matches at Britannia Stadium, a 28,000 seater stadium.
the northwest cape is a large peninsula of land located on the northwest coast of western australia.
the film and later additions to the franchise.
after these "rebellions", land speculators and other non-Mestizos effectively deprived the Mestizos of land by exploiting a government program for its purchase, the government possibly turning a blind eye.
it is revealed that French museums had nearly 2,000 works of art that had been stolen by the Nazis.
Hermann Muhs -lrb- May 16, 1894 – April 13, 1962 -rrb- was Secretary of State and Minister Responsible for the Church Question -lrb- minister für kirchenfragen -rrb- in nazi germany .
Bon Jovi 's sixth studio album , These Days , was released in June 1995 .
libpurple supports many commonly used instant messaging protocols, allowing the user to connect to different services from a single application.
Punk rock has distinguished itself from other non-mainstream genres by asserting itself as an active anti-mainstream social movement that resists commercialism and corporate control.
all other subjects may be enrolled at Ordinary or Higher levels.
from 1978 to 2000 it was an independent municipality.
it consists of the Royal Australian Navy, Australian Army, Royal Australian Air Force and a number of "tri-service" units.
Ofelia's father-in-law, the Phalangist captain Vidal, ferociously chases away the Spanish maquis, guerrillas fighting against the Franco regime in the region, while Ofelia's pregnant mother becomes increasingly ill.
on a larger scale, mitotic cell division can create offspring from multicellular organisms, such as plants growing from cuttings.
a change to this law had been considered until Princess Kiko gave birth to a son.
the goalkeeper uses this glove to deflect shots.
also , please do your best to always fill in the edit summary field .
rhys ap gruffydd agrees to negotiate with henry ii of england.
styles There are many different apron shapes depending on the purpose of the apron.
the president pro tempore is third in the presidential line of succession, after the vice president and the president of the chamber.
gordon peter moakes -lrb- born 22 june 1976 -rrb- is an english multi-instrumentalist and backing vocalist of the english indie rock band bloc party.
by the end of the 20th century, there was an emerging consensus among developmental neurobiologists that the establishment of thalamocortical -lrb- connections at approximately 26 weeks -rrb- is a critical event with respect to fetal pain perception .
a saddle is a support structure for a rider or other load, attached to an animal's back by a strap.
the mother tongues of these peoples often have differentiated forms that simply did not survive the transfer to English.
some prefer to soak the lentils for an extended period and discard the water.
Academics Following media coverage of the Essjay controversy, a number of academics have noted the damage to Wikipedia's credibility.
this can be seen in the demand for the dismissal of the chief of staff of the austrian army , alfred jansa , from his duties in january 1938 .
Bruno Mora -lrb- March 29, 1937 - December 10, 1986 -rrb- was an Italian footballer.
1849 A battle between German and Danish forces took place near the town on April 23, 1849 during the First Schleswig War.
approximately 2,000-year-old skeletal remains discovered in Switzerland indicate that spitz-type dogs have inhabited central europe for millennia.
he is one of the founding members of Global Elders.
according to an interview in the uk newspaper the sun , heyman wrote the weekly scripts for the brand and submitted them to the editors for possible modifications and then to vince mcmahon for final approval .
back up an entire system, including user data, to an installable live cd/dvd.
she escapes with alwa just before the police arrive to take her back.
in 1952, with the abolition of the federal states -lrb-bundesländer -rrb-, the district was divided into three parts, which were reconstituted in 1994.
the storm continued southwestward while deep convection persisted near the center.
several of his songs have been featured in anime and drama series.
the festspielhaus also has a double proscenium, which gives the audience the illusion that the stage is further away than it actually is.
The Apostles' Creed, along with other baptismal creeds, is considered an example of the teachings of the Apostles and a defense of the gospel of Christ.
another, "Fairest of Trees", is the basis of his 1912 Orchestral Rhapsody, also called A Shropshire Boy.
Heath or moorland is a type of habitat found in the highlands, characterized by low vegetation on acidic soils.
from 1948 to 1952 a series of guest conductors conducted the orchestra, including leonard bernstein and leopold stokowski.
wollstonecraft hastily wrote women's rights in direct response to current events; she intended to write a second, more thoughtful volume, but she died before she finished it.
on september 22 , french sudan declared itself a republic of mali and withdrew from the french community .
the distance between the tip of the mouthpiece and the tip of the reed is called the tip opening.
charity the third of the five pillars of islam states that muslims are required to give approximately one fortieth of their wealth to charity as zakat.
it is the central reference point for measuring distances from london.
Cl Barber, “Shakespearean Comedy in the Comedy of Errors,” College English 25.7-lrb-1964-rrb-, p. 493 .
a dark albedo feature across was named olbers in honor of the discoverer of vesta, but it does not show up on elevation maps as a cool crater would, and its nature is currently unknown, possibly an ancient basalt surface.
Franklin Delano Roosevelt -lrb- January 30, 1882 – April 12, 1945 -rrb-, often referred to by his initials fdr, was the 32nd president of the united states.
According to Georgian chronicles, he was son of Rev, son of Mirian III, the first Christian king of Iberia.
brawl, just like walker for the english version.
soymilk -lrb- also called soy milk, soymilk or soy juice -rrb- and sometimes called soy drink/beverage is a beverage made from soy.
the film is mainly based on the book our sunshine by robert drawe.
Hurricane Wilma was the strongest hurricane on record in the Atlantic Basin.
during this period he married and farmed in Lyndhurst, Hampshire.
During his 22-year career, Young set numerous professional pitching records at the majors, some of which stood for a century.
music storage and marketing digital audio files can be transported from computer to computer like any other file and played on a compatible media player -lrb- with caveats for drm-locked files -rrb- .
arunachal pradesh -lrb-, -rrb- is the easternmost state of india.
all the bats look up to him, and he claims to have caught two tiger moths which are known to everyone else in the colony as an extraordinary feat for such a young bat.
bernard haitink made his debut with the concertgebouw orchestra on 7 november 1956 .
Normally, a pawn moves by advancing a single square, but the first time each pawn is moved from its original position, it has the option of advancing two squares.
He was buried at Westminster Abbey on 9 May 1509.
it is a rather short book, both in the Jewish and Christian scriptures, consisting of only four chapters.
he has also appeared in many highly acclaimed television dramas such as The Lakes, State of Play and two Bafta award-winning series; pointing and sex trafficking.
under the ring name test, martin wrestled for the world wrestling federation -lrb- later world wrestling entertainment -rrb- from 1998 to 2004 and from 2006 to 2007.
as recently as 1967, the World Health Organization estimated that 15 million people had contracted the disease and two million died from it that year.
du pré has performed with the most prestigious orchestras and conductors, including the berlin philharmonic orchestra, the london symphony, the london philharmonic, the new philharmonia orchestra, the bbc symphony orchestra, the new york philharmonic, the philadelphia orchestra , the Israel Philharmonic and the Los Angeles Philharmonic Orchestra.
together they had 18 children, 11 of whom survived to adulthood.
as of 2005, the schools were: cognitive science -lrb- cs -rrb-: includes linguistics, most of psychology, some philosophy, neuroscience and computer science.
since simplification is by far the most common form of language reform, simplification involves spelling simplification -lrb-cf.
Picasso's early life was baptized Pablo Diego José Francisco de Paula Juan Nepomuceno María de los Remedios Cristiniano de la Santísima Trinidad, a series of names honoring various saints and relatives.
11 other performances were presented afterwards.
Genista juncea -rrb-, also known as weaver's broom, is a perennial leguminous shrub native to the Mediterranean region of southern Europe, southwest Asia, and northwest Africa. where it is found in sunny sites, usually on dry, sandy soils.
chlamydia is easily treated with antibiotics.
lyndon b. Johnson's speech outlining his big social program also performed at um.
Design philosophies Two basic designs exist: -lrb- event-driven priority scheduling designs -rrb- switch tasks only when a higher priority event requires service, called preemptive priority.
Almahala Tripoli is a Libyan football club based in Tripoli, Libya.
However, the registration law changed in 2006 and since March 2007 official vehicles have standard registration plates.
the lithosphere rests on the asthenosphere, the weakest, hottest and deepest part of the upper mantle.
puerto rico consists of the main island of puerto rico and various smaller islands, including vieques, culebra, mona, desecheo, and caja de muertos.
the contemporary status of the Mandaeans prompted a number of American intellectuals and civil rights activists to petition their government to extend refugee status to the community.
the picasa terms of use: the terms of use allow google to use the uploaded photos to display them on the website or via rss feeds, as well as to promote google's royalty-free services.
it was also during his mandate in westminster that pope john paul ii made an unprecedented visit to england .
a word is composed of a root and a grammatical ending.
the ventricular muscle contracts randomly, rather than contracting in unison, and so the ventricles fail to pump blood through the arteries and into the systemic circulation.
Palembang is the capital of the province of South Sumatra in Indonesia.
Thus, the first such storage facility in the United States was established at Zoar Field, approximately forty miles south of Buffalo.
These days, incense sticks can be used for just about anything, like enhancing the smell of a room or lighting firecrackers.
vikidia is an online encyclopedia wiki designed with mediawiki software.
it is set in an alternate history of the early 19th century American frontier, based to some extent on early American folklore and superstition.
the methodological ethos is identical, but there is a slight difference in vocabulary, and specialized is more international.
they can occur on any beach with breaking waves, including the world's oceans, seas and major lakes such as the great lakes of the united states of america and canada.
all species have a distinctly bear-like gait, as their front legs are longer than their hind legs.
some computers can boot from flash drives.
demography the population of the city today is mainly made up of descendants of workers hired in India in the 19th century.
the first parallax measurement of the centaur's distance to alpha is published by thomas henderson.
primeval redwood forests, coastal mangrove stands, sphagnum bogs, desert soil crusts, roadside weed patches, wheat fields, cultivated gardens and lawns; all are encompassed by the term vegetation.
dar es-salaam was selected as the administrative and commercial center of the territory.
from 1938 new ss uniforms featured the epaulets of a German oberst in addition to oak leaf collar patches.
references external links official site ibanez guitar and bass museum - ibanez instruments database, resources, user reviews, photos history of hoshino gakki co. , ltd .
In February 2007, Essjay was found to have misrepresented his academic qualifications and professional experiences on his Wikipedia user page and to journalist Stacy Schiff during an interview for the New Yorker Schiff, Stacey.
Baduhennna is only attested by the annals of Tacitus where Tacitus reports that a grove in Frisia was dedicated to him, and that near this grove 900 Roman prisoners were killed in 28 AD.
the orchestra is associated with the triennial gustav mahler conducting prize.
also , it hybridizes with other wattles , notably Acacia pubescens , a rare and endangered species from Sydney Basin .
they often just whimper in disapproval in situations where a human toddler would throw a tantrum.
due to the lack of physical characteristics supporting this group, it is quite possible that the subfamily as presently recognized is subject to enlargement.
those born in the state are called "capixabas", although the precise word is "espiritossantenses".
in 1934, dupré succeeded charles-marie widor as titular organist at st. Sulpice in Paris, a position he held until his death in 1971.
one successful candidate was alfred waterson who became a member of parliament for the seat of kettering.
this victory brought him 2000 pesetas.
his character and his youth, he was considered a modest and prayerful person, he was considered honest and pure by his classmates.
Springville is a city in Linn County, Iowa, United States.
the period of rotation of the interior of uranus is 17 hours, 14 minutes.
the series attempted to create a gritty, realistic police station setting similar to that of NYPD Blue, but differed by focusing on uniformed police officers rather than detectives.
weather story an extratropical cyclone cut across the central North Pacific moved over an ocean area with sea surface temperatures as high as 2°C above normal for two days.
victoria island -lrb- or kitlineq -rrb- is an island in the canadian arctic archipelago and straddles the border between nunavut and the northwestern territories of canada.
Paul Jackson was installed as producer.
thyme retains its flavor better when it dries than many other herbs.
like most broom, it has seemingly leafless stems which, in spring and summer, are covered with abundant golden-yellow flowers.
they discover a wardrobe in professor digory kirke's house that leads to the magical land of narnia.
if more energy is available, other elements will be ionized and green and blue nebulae will become possible.
Scope of Publications and Preparation of Reports IPCC reports are a collection of peer-reviewed and published scientific data.
prevalence in the united states, according to a business magazine, approximately 15 million functionally illiterate adults were employed at the start of the 21st century.
it is most commonly used in cooking and pottery.
ólafur 's second marriage was to israeli - born dorrit moussaieff , to whom he became engaged in may 2000 .
Kurt Georg Kiesinger -lrb- April 6, 1904 March 9, 1988 -rrb- was a conservative German politician and Chancellor of West Germany from December 1, 1966 to October 21, 1969.
as type c, it is probably composed of carbonaceous materials.
in the cybermen's tomb -lrb- 1967 -rrb-, veins and brains were visible through the bulging head of the cyberman controller and similarly, in the attack of the cybermen -lrb- 1985 -rrb- and "age of steel" -lrb-2006-rrb-, the cybercontroller's brain is visible through the dome.
in the case of asteroids, so many have been discovered that many will never be named by their discoverers.
the color was assumed to be due to organic compounds on its surface.
convection increased on August 11, and on August 12 the interaction between a tropical wave and an upper-level low in the region resulted in a large area of ​​disorganized thunderstorms extending from the western Caribbean Sea to the central bahamas.
source mage gnu/linux a source code-based distribution from sorcerer.
the term is generally applied to the whole of morocco, algeria and tunisia, but in older arabic usage it only referred to the area of ​​the three countries between the high ranges of the atlas mountains and the Mediterranean Sea.
various objections were raised to this project, and the company refused to allow tram lines to be laid in the main street and above the bar.
given these assumptions, it is possible to calculate how often they may fail and arrange the array to make data loss arbitrarily unlikely.
many students choose a faculty committee whose members represent their own interdisciplinary interests.
the convent has been the official residence of the governor of gibraltar since 1728 .
it was directed by australian baz luhrmann and stars leonardo dicaprio and claire danes in the eponymous roles.
Prometheus acts as a shepherd satellite for the inner edge of Saturn's ring.
she has a vocal range of three octaves accessed August 5, 2008 and a distinctly rapid vibrato.
Although he was raised in a devout Lutheran family, Bergman later said he lost his faith at the age of eight and only came to terms with this fact by making winter light .
some define hadopelagics as waters below 6,000 m -lrb- 19,685 ft -rrb-, whether in a trench or not.
Tyler attended Congressional School in Virginia, Breakwater School and Waynflete School in Portland, Maine before returning to New York with his mother when he was 12 years old.
Prior to Snow White, the Disney Studio was primarily involved in the production of animated shorts in the Mickey Mouse and Silly Symphonies series.
strength of the bond the atoms of metals have a strong force of attraction between them.
history arch mineral corporation was founded in 1969 as a partnership between ashland oil -lrb-now ashland, inc. -rrb- and the Hunt family of Dallas, Texas.
the term dakshinachara -lrb- right path -rrb- is used to refer to Tantric sects that do not engage in these heterodox practices.
he was hired as a guitarist after the departure of josh brainard and is the last member of the band's current line-up to join.
later that year, the band released their debut album, Fresh Fruit for Rotting Vegetables.
however, in criminal cases where the sentence is likely to exceed two years, the professional judge is assisted by two lay judges with the same rights as the professional judge -lrb-schöffengericht -rrb-.
the novel received the 1961 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction.
Within the hcard is a geo microformat, which additionally makes the coordinates -lrb- latitude and longitude -rrb- parsable, so that they can be, for example, looked up on a map, or downloaded to a GPS device.
the sahara pump theory is a hypothesis that explains how flora and fauna left africa to enter the middle east and then europe and asia.
Description In a multiprocessor system executing a single set of -lrb-simd -rrb- instructions, data parallelism is achieved when each processor performs the same task on different distributed data items.
Bright Cameron as Jimmy/Leech: A mutant boy whose power neutralizes the powers of nearby mutants.
the first application of this idea in the united states was pioneered by dr. William Mosenthal, surgeon at Dartmouth-Hitchcock Medical Center.
Cruiserweight Open for the WWE Cruiserweight Championship 10:28 7 Goldberg defeated Brock Lesnar.
A dogfight, or dog fight, is an aerial combat between fighter planes.
he was married to the greek duchess sofia.
Saint-Victoret is a commune in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in the south of France.
his work to advance the development of products that are both functional and stylish has earned him a devoted following.
however, the term font is also often used as a metonym for typeface.
ornamental plants are usually grown in the flower garden or as houseplants.
this belief most likely stems from the fact that it is possible to make the furby say certain pre-programmed words or phrases more often by stroking it each time it says those words.
to make way for more agricultural land, large tracts of forest were cut down, washing away its habitat.
this tree is a frequent destination for pilgrims, being the most important of the four main Buddhist pilgrimage sites.
The ararat is considered the national symbol of Armenia and therefore is of paramount importance for the coat of arms.
in his book " russia at war 1941 to 1945 " , alexander werth reports that while visiting gdansk / danzig in 1945 shortly after its liberation by the red army , he saw an experimental factory outside the city to manufacture soap from human corpses.
in the fall of 2006, cavergno and bignasco were incorporated into the municipality, despite an attempt by bignasco to resist incorporation in court.
postal systems often have functions other than sending letters.
she then recorded "kanashiki kuchibue", which was featured on a radio show and was a national hit.
iso 3166-1 is part of the iso 3166 standard published by the international organization for standardization -lrb- iso -rrb-, and defines the codes for the names of countries, dependent territories and special areas of geographical interest.
this method can lead to infection and damage to internal organs -lrb-, for example tearing of the intestines -rrb-, leading to death.
an even bigger terminal nearby is also being promoted.
national symbols aim to unite people by creating visual, verbal or iconic representations of the people, values, goals or national history.
the foundations of quantum mechanics were established during the first half of the 20th century by werner heisenberg, max planck, louis de broglie, albert einstein, niels bohr, erwin schrödinger, max born, john von neumann, paul dirac, wolfgang pauli , david hilbert , and others .
on August 15, the convection organized into bands, and as its winds approached hurricane force, an eye developed in the storm.
phonographic archive at 15, he had already given concerts all over the world.
after reaching tropical storm status, maximum sustained winds fluctuated for three days between 40 mph -lrb- 65 km/h -rrb- and 50 mph -lrb- 85 km/h -rrb- .
Common soft corals of the Great Barrier Reef belong to 36 genera.
in the manga, blaine is a former rocket scientist on the team who combined mew's dna with his own dna, creating mewtwo.
they were responsible for ensuring that people would have many children and that the land would produce abundant crops.
as the storm began to rapidly intensify, the warning was later changed to a hurricane warning.
introduction this unmanned station on the qingzang railway opened on july 1, 2006 .
it is currently used mainly for football matches and is home to santos football club.
contact between visiting sailors and prisoners was prohibited.
hermione occultations have been successfully observed three times so far , the last time in February 2004 .
the black core of pencils is still called "lead", even though it never contained the element lead.
this is a list of German presidents since 1919 by longevity.
a condiment is a taste, sauce or seasoning added to a food to give a particular flavor or to complete the dish.
strong gusts were reported throughout texas, with a peak gust reported on coast guard cutter buttonwood -lrb-wlb-306 -rrb- stationed at the northeast tip of galveston island.
in geology, when an igneous intrusion passes through a sedimentary rock formation, it can be determined that the igneous intrusion is younger than the sedimentary rock.
a few years later, in 1840, general zorawar singh invaded baltistan, seized the raja of skardu, which had sided with the ladakhi, and annexed his country.
by then the asymmetrical nose had been cut and discarded, possibly for additional airflow to the radiator for the car's use in and around carnivals.
this is probably one of the sources of sarasvati/benzaiten's close association with snakes and dragons in japan.
tonnerre yaoundé is a football -lrb- soccer -rrb- club based in yaoundé, cameroon.
Hainich became Germany's 13th national park in 1997.
an oratorio is a large musical composition comprising an orchestra, choir and soloists.
some reviewers notice a connection between the character michael k and the protagonist josef k. in the trial of franz kafka.
rated an f0 tornado, it touched down near brunswick, georgia where it snapped trees and caused moderate roof damage along its 2 mi -lrb- 3.2 km -rrb- path.
the term was coined by merging the name of the two orders, Cetacea and Artiodactyla, into one word.
in medieval england, the territories of lancashire and cornwall were transformed into duchies, with certain powers going to their dukes.
it was not detected again until the Hubble Space Telescope observed it in 1997.
Stegosaurus teeth were small, triangular, and the flat wear facets show that they ground their food.
normally, a state delegation is headed by the respective minister-president.
etymology and lyrical usage derives from the Greek word lyrikos, meaning "to sing on the lyre".
Proper saddle maintenance can extend the useful life of a saddle, often for decades.
Castlevania III: The Curse of Dracula is the third game in the 'canon' series, featuring Simon Belmont's ancestor, Trevor Belmont.
eleven departments and institutes focused on "fostering world evangelism" with 25 to 40 employees, carry out the work.
usucha creates a lighter, slightly more bitter tea.
etymology the first person who used the term "seidenstraße" -lrb- literally "silk road" -rrb- was the german geographer ferdinand von richthofen in 1877 .
traces of the amphitheater are still visible in piazza dell'anfiteatro.
this was followed by the establishment of the gray league -lrb-grauer bund -rrb-, sometimes called the oberbund, in 1395 in the upper rhine valley.
August 22 Hurricane Bill weakens to a Category 1 hurricane .
While his father wanted him to continue his training as a goldsmith , he showed such early talent in drawing that he began as an apprentice to michael wolgemut at the age of fifteen in 1486 .
Earthsea is a fictional kingdom originally created by Ursula K. Le Guin for her short story "The Word of Unbinding", published in 1964, which became most famous in her novel A Wizard of the Earthsea, first published in 1968.
Harry Potter is a series of seven fantasy novels written by British author JK Rowling.
The VC was introduced on January 29, 1856 by Queen Victoria to reward acts of bravery during the Crimean War.
in 1828, coenraad johannes van houten developed the first machine for producing cocoa powder in the netherlands.
under adams , sinn féin seemed to move away from the status of the political voice of the provisional ira towards becoming a professionally organized political party in both northern ireland and the republic of ireland .
Overview It was contested by 12 teams, and Sk Admira Wien won the championship.
lisa gerrard -lrb- born april 12, 1961 -rrb- is an australian musician, singer and songwriter who rose to prominence in the music group dead can dance with former musical partner brendan perry.
on September 1, a 690 mile -lrb- 1115 km -rrb- diameter cyclonic circulation was evident on satellite imagery, well southeast of the cape verde islands, and several hurricane forecast models predicted development and strengthening.
he fared much better than the rocker, opening at #2.
The Last Mummy Movie has grossed over $102 million in the United States and over $400 million worldwide.
it has a composition similar to 1 ceres: a dark-colored surface that is strongly weathered by space with the composition of primitive organic compounds, including tholins.
of the seven candidates , he came out on top in each of four mock polls conducted by the united nations security council : on july 24 , september 14 , september 28 and october 2 .
approximately 1,100 mud volcanoes have been identified on land and in shallow water.
in particular, the debian and ubuntu linux distributions provided ready-made openclipart packages for easy download and installation from their online software repositories.
some of the computer models suggested that the weakening tropical storm could be absorbed by a developing low to the west, which a few days later became Hurricane Epsilon.
she is an acclaimed interpreter of the works of mozart, beethoven, schubert, chopin, debussy and schoenberg.
some are arboreal, with long balance tails and other adaptations for climbing, while others are semi-aquatic, with webbed feet and small outer ears.
in the 1920s and early 1930s he worked frequently with the london symphony orchestra.
it spans the North Pole, touching North America in the Western Hemisphere and Scandinavia and Asia in the Eastern Hemisphere.
hunting dogs Hunting dogs are primarily used by small game hunters using shotguns.
psychedelic music is a term that refers to a wide range of popular music styles, genres and scenes, which can include psychedelic rock, psychedelic folk, psychedelic pop, psychedelic soul, psychedelic ambient, psychedelic trance, etc.
cisc and risc the terms risc and cisc have become less meaningful with the continued evolution of cisc and risc designs and implementations.
in week 16 , quarterback matt leinart suffered a shoulder injury against the 49ers , forcing warner to witness his first action since week 4 .
although she has spoken before in fantasies and dream sequences, maggie's first word spoken in normal series continuity occurred in "lisa's first word", when she was voiced by elizabeth Taylor.
on September 17, 2004, whedon announced on the film's official website that filming had been completed.
uses tar has also been used as a gasket for roofing shingles and to seal the hulls of ships and boats.
the staff has since grown to over thirty people and two continents with an office in lahore, pakistan.
david william donald cameron -lrb- born 9 october 1966 -rrb- is the leader of the conservative party and leader of her majesty's loyal opposition in the united kingdom.
when no one showed interest, cave took on the task on his own.
it is the largest known non-spherical moon in the solar system.
Benjamin Jeremy "Ben" Stein -lrb- born November 25, 1944 -rrb- is an American actor, writer and commentator on political and economic issues.
some of these technologies have been adapted for social networking services and ISPs.
he also recorded five albums as a solo artist, debuting in 1994.
in rome augustan, quirinus was also an epithet of janus, like janus quirinus.
don't excuse what you've done with what others have done.
the pkcs#1 standard also incorporates processing schemes designed to provide additional security for rsa signatures, for example, the probabilistic signature scheme for rsa -lrb- rsa-pss -rrb- .
since poland joined the european union , a significant number of poles have emigrated to western european countries such as the united kingdom , germany and ireland in search of work .
the surname christian is an anglicization of the Manx surname mccrystyn.
this took the republic by surprise , especially since the sdp was less than 25 % in the polls at the time .
it accelerated northeastward parallel to the east coast and became extratropical on July 23 near nova scotia.
he is called Saint James the Greater to distinguish him from James, son of Alphaeus, also known as James the Minor.
he skated his last with the show in 2007.
in mathematics, a riemann sum is a method of approximating the total area under a curve on a graph, otherwise known as an integral.
Bonham Carter made his film debut in the film KM Peyton, A Pattern of Roses, before appearing in his first starring role in Lady Jane.
Drammen is also Norway's main import port for cars and fruit.
Trustees of the Northern Territory and Norfolk Island, on the other hand, are appointed by the Governor General.
freetown is home to fourah bay college , the oldest university in west africa , founded in 1827 .
sportswear -lrb- or sportswear -rrb- is clothing, including footwear, worn for sport or exercise.
moreover it is the episcopal seat of the diocese of växjö.
background des uses a 56-bit key, which means that there are 256 possible keys under which a message can be encrypted.
honduras -lrb- , -rrb- is a republic in central america.
two tubes of amphetamines and another empty tube were found in the back pocket of his racing jersey.
the arkansas river is a major tributary of the mississippi river.
metarterioles provide direct communication between arterioles and venules and are important in bypassing blood flow through capillaries.
ultimately, it also broadened the realm of “just saying no” to violence, premarital sex, and any other “vice” that young people might try.
Annaser Benghazi is a Libyan football club based in Benghazi, Libya.
Year-round school is the programming of educational institutions so that students attend classes throughout the calendar year.
it is the established convention of the scientific community to define vitreous electrification as positive, and resinous electrification as negative.
Power transmission is the movement of energy from its place of generation to a place where it is applied to perform useful work.
prior to the 2002 elections, fc bayern chief executive uli hoeneß expressed his support for stoiber and the csu.
males can weigh over 20 kg and reach a head-body length of 90 cm.
AI AI a Kubrick project was eventually directed by another director, Steven Spielberg.
between heats there is a one-minute break during which the competitors change gears.
this work was accomplished through the efforts of martin evans and oliver smithies working on knockout mice.
With little warning, a second magnitude 5.1 earthquake on May 18 triggered a massive collapse of the mountain's north face.
it is a commonly stolen traffic sign.
the association for the taxation of financial transactions for assistance to citizens -lrb- association for the taxation of financial transactions for assistance to citizens, attac -rrb- is an organization campaigning for the introduction of a tax on foreign exchange transactions.
Cash is another commodity that can be wrapped with contracts and/or draft picks to complete a trade.
it is a type of reporter gene used in laboratory microbiology, molecular biology and genetic engineering to indicate the success of a transfection or other procedure to introduce foreign DNA into a cell.
the forelimbs of sthenurine were long with two extra-long fingers and claws compared to the relatively small and stiff arms of modern macropods.
this resulted in a white and navy blue vertical striped vest.
wales later withdrew their support and demanded essjay's resignation from his posts at wikipedia and wikia.
The Odyssey is an ancient Greek epic poem attributed to Homer.
at the beginning of 2003, she released her fourth album entitled “A continue…” which also met with commercial success.
On March 28, 1941, Woolf committed suicide.
eureka is a city in woodford county, illinois, united states.
the school icon is an eagle symbolizing courage and determination.
emmen is a municipality and a city in the northeast of the netherlands.
Borken is a kreis -lrb-district -rrb- in the northwestern part of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany in the Münsterland region.
a foam-rubber process was invented as foaming by will vinton.
south india is the area encompassing the indian states of andhra pradesh, karnataka, kerala and tamil nadu as well as the union territories of lakshadweep and pondicherry, occupying 19.31% of the area.
it is found only on christmas island, australia.
they are most often cyclonic, that is to say associated with a low-pressure region located within a violent storm.
Nordraak died in 1866 and Grieg composed a funeral march in his honor.
another groundwater short story has been adapted into a live theatrical performance.
Prior to the release of 1000 Hours the band dropped the name Sweet Children, according to Livermore this was done in order to avoid confusion with another local band, Sweet Baby.
Writing after Universal Studios acquired the film rights to Fox's Firefly, Whedon began writing the screenplay.
Before the predominance of recorded music, concerts were the only opportunity one would usually have to hear musicians perform.
in remembrance of the old tradition, the press company axel springer has once again erected its german headquarters in kochstraße, right next to the berlin wall.
this occurs when a pawn uses its initial move option to move forward two squares instead of one, and in doing so passes over a square that is being attacked by an enemy pawn.
it was occupied by the romans along with the rest of the surrounding area in the first century BC.
these events were dramatized in the 1977 film A Bridge Too Far.
the bridge is administered by the Thousand Islands Bridge Authority, an international agency.
despite these unfavorable conditions, a curved convective band developed in its northern and western quadrants, and the circulation became better defined.
in mathematics, a product is the result of a multiplication, or an expression that identifies the factors to be multiplied.
fiorito initially produced foot fetish videos but quickly switched to coprophagia.
In March 2005, Pavarotti underwent neck surgery to repair two vertebrae.
such storms can be characterized by strong surface winds and heavy hail.
it is unknown to what extent, if any, this story is true, but historians do know that China was the first civilization to use silk.
the encryption key is trivially related to the decryption key, in the sense that they may be identical or there is a simple transformation to be made between the two keys.
the volcano rises to 1,060 meters and its crater is about 300 meters in diameter.
traditionally, the leader of the national party is Deputy Prime Minister when the coalition is in government.
news reports indicate that the poorest rural villages have been hardest hit.
Under President and CEO Reynolds, the park operated until April 13, 2003, when it closed after a prolonged decline in tourism following the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks.
the mountain range forms the border between the two countries for 150 kilometres, stretching from the western border of saxony to the elbe.
1976 saw punk arrive in what some perceived as a stagnant music scene and nme, like other 'specialist' publications, was slow to cover this new phenomenon.
very few bi-porn consumers identify as gay.
local existence not all bundesländer have this subdivision; some are directly divided into districts.
as norma dissipated, moisture from the cyclone was trapped in a large extratropical depression.
the most common symptoms of iM in women are dyspnea, weakness and fatigue.
the taiwan strait or strait of formosa is a 180 km wide -lrb- and 111.85 mile wide -rrb- strait between mainland china and taiwan.
Redwall is a series of fantasy novels by Brian Jacques.
longevity in captivity is 20–30 years, with rare accounts of more than 40 years, reports of an individual living up to 40 years old at the Philadelphia Zoo.
Mexican cinnamon hot chocolate is traditionally served with a variety of Mexican pastries called pan dulce and, as in Spain, churros.
plessur is an administrative district of the canton of grisons, switzerland.
in Japanese historiography, the Edo period from 1590 to 1868 is also sometimes referred to as the modern period.
among his published works were Peace, a lyric poem -lrb- 1814 -rrb-; resignation -lrb- 1817 -rrb-; the triumph of Christianity -lrb- 1819 -rrb-; and the soldier's friend -lrb- 1828 -rrb- .
however, this list contains substances that may have synthetic origins.
several marsupial herbivores, including koalas and some opossums, are relatively tolerant of it.
for a person to be inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame, they must be nominated by an elected 18-person selection committee made up of Hockey Hall of Fame members and media personalities.
Shadow of the Hegemon -lrb- 2001 -rrb- is the second novel in the series of shadows of the ender -lrb- often called the quartet of beans -rrb- by orson scott card.
According to the study, if all of this software had been developed by conventional proprietary means, it would have cost approximately -lrb- US dollars -rrb- to develop in the United States.
in June 2008 it was announced that a new four-year deal would start for the 2010/11 season, with the contract worth £125 million.
history the first mention of the city dates from 1178 .
red salamanders can be very long-lived.
the city has a larger population than the provincial capital and ranks second in area.
these conical photoreceptors are sensitive to different portions of the visible spectrum.
due to its appearance at burial sites around the world, the spiral most likely represented the "life-death-rebirth" cycle.
the fert group first saw the large effect in multilayers that led to its naming, and first correctly explained the underlying physics.
the album was fueled by the single "fat lip", which reached No. 1 on the modern rock charts, making it the band's most successful single.
his baptism followed on 3 May in the Alouettes River, Isleham.
a night shift is either a group of workers who work during the night or the period during which they work.
the history of vaihingen may date back to 799 AD, but the records are unclear.
it's not clear if it's just a transient clump of dust or if there's a solid moon at its center.
it was released on January 21, 2003 and won dvdx awards for best animated feature, best director, best editing and best musical score.
the strengthening trend subsided early on July 8 , due to wind shear , and bertha quickly weakened back to a category 1 hurricane this afternoon .
in 911, the king of france charles le simple was able to conclude an agreement with the viking warlord rollo, a leader of disputed norwegian or danish origins.
Command Module Pilot Stuart Roosa took away several hundred seeds during the mission, many of which germinated upon return, resulting in the so-called Moon Trees.
meanwhile, big mama explains to tod that her friendship with copper cannot continue, as they are natural enemies, but tod refuses to believe her.
it can also be used pejoratively, to refer to a common beggar who chants holy names, scriptures, or verses.
Saugor and Nerbudda territories were attached to the North West Provinces, which included the British Dominions in the southern part of the present state of Uttar Pradesh.
he was appointed cardinal priest, with the title of santa maria nuova, on February 18, 1946.
Holly Springs is a city in Wake County, North Carolina, United States.
Initially posted to the 1st Battalion, in March 1916 he was transferred to the 53rd Battalion, part of the 5th Division, when the Imperial Australian force was reinforced with new Australian recruits.
Although it is not fatal, consumption of this mushroom leads to very severe cramps, vomiting and diarrhea.
electra welcomes the idea of ​​going to argos with idamante.
the history of wedge: the adventures of wedge, ending with the beginning of the film.
The NHL instituted the freeze rule on March 13, 1939.
the Italians know this for having housed a maximum security prison -lrb- 1858-1998 -rrb- detaining particularly dangerous mafia criminals.
in 1845 it joined the united states as the 28th state.
in other media, aquaman has appeared in several cartoon series, as well as a live-action version appearing in the television series smallville.
mark schatz has been playing bass regularly with the band since 2003.
law of independent assortment -lrb- the "second law" -rrb- the law of independent assortment, also known as the "law of inheritance", states that alleles of different genes assort independently from each other during the formation of gametes.
He commanded the 25th Punjabis in India and Hong Kong and was promoted to lieutenant colonel in 1910.
in addition, the station provides live coverage of the non-final rounds of other Grand Slam tournaments.
While collaborating with Mylène Farmer and Laurent Boutonnat, Alizée released two albums which were both successful in France and abroad.
the story of ninigi no mikoto being sent to earth appears in nihon shoki.
medieval philosophy in medieval europe, dialectics -lrb- also called logic -rrb- was one of the three original liberal arts known collectively as trivium -lrb- the others were rhetoric and grammar -rrb-.
the possibility remained that liquid ethane and methane could be found on titan's poles, where they were expected to be abundant and stable.
these Eid prayers are meant to be offered in large groups, and therefore large mosques will normally host them for their worshipers as well as worshipers of smaller local mosques.
after the release of a promotional single, glory to the brave was released across europe.
asia the last western satrap, rudrasimha iii, is defeated by the guptas.
robert leroy johnson -lrb- may 8, 1911 - august 16, 1938 -rrb- was an american blues musician, among the most famous of the delta blues musicians.
this cemented public support for the gang, particularly in northeast victoria.
Hurricane Lane was the strongest Pacific hurricane to make landfall in Mexico since 2002's Hurricane Kenna.
due to Selene's confusion with Artemis, later writers sometimes referred to Selene as the daughter of Zeus, as Artemis, or as Pallas the Titan.
spurgeon-lrb-1911-rrb-, p. 565" it is called a "book", because it is usually represented by pages, although it may be displayed on a single page or banner.
as of 2007, a maximum of four players can be inducted in a year, but the most players ever inducted in a year was 27, in 1962.
Colin Powell, a longtime advocate, recommended a simple moment of silence at the start of each school day.
a small amount of matcha is placed in the bowl, traditionally using a bamboo spoon called a chashaku, then a minimum of hot water -lrb- not boiling -rrb- is added.
as the final album in the Scandinavian vocal music series, pohjola produced a tribute to legendary Finnish tango composer, toivo kärki on the album, leivonen lumimyrskyssä -lrb- a lark in a snowstorm -rrb- -lrb- 2006 - rrb-.
Pedro involves the main character, a small plane from Chile, embarking on its very first flight to pick up airmail from Mendoza, with near disastrous results.
Hurricane Epsilon was only the sixth hurricane on record in the Atlantic in December.
2016 -lrb- mmxvi -rrb- will be a leap year starting on Friday of the Gregorian calendar.
during and after the Thirty Years' War, Soest suffered a huge loss of population and influence; at its lowest point in 1756, it had only 3,600 citizens.
to sponsor something is to support an event, activity, person or organization financially or through the provision of products or services.
in the early 1960s love first crossed paths with jim henson through don sahlin, who urged him to meet henson.
he attended general theological seminary and received his bachelor of theology and master's degree from oriel college, university of oxford -lrb- 1962, 1966 -rrb-.
however, the council was delayed until 1545 and convened just before Luther's death.
The International Union for Conservation of Nature and Natural Resources -lrb- iucn -rrb- is an international organization dedicated to the conservation of natural resources.
when animals or people are free, experiments can be done to see what kinds of signals, known as zeitgebers, are effective for training.
the psyche appears to be a genuine case of an exposed metallic core of a larger differentiated parent body.
chess boxing matches have been organized since the beginning of 2003 .
the big mac ppp exchange rate between two countries is obtained by dividing the price of a big mac in a country -lrb- in its currency -rrb- by the price of a big mac in another country -lrb- in its motto -rrb- .
it is one of the most historic motor racing circuits in the world.
Lisa Donovan -lrb- born June 11, 1981 -rrb- is an American actress and writer.
Howell County is a county located in south-central Missouri in the United States.
the show followed the lives of a group of teenagers living in the upscale, star-studded community of beverly hills, california and attending the fictional west beverly high school and, subsequently, the fictional university of california after the graduation.
in the middle ages, the region benefited from its proximity to the wealthy hanseatic city of rostock.
Stallman pioneered the concept of copyleft and is the primary author of several copyleft licenses, including the gnu General Public License, the most widely used free software license.
it was a deliberate pursuit of simplicity and economy for the Disney studio, and is now generally considered an animation classic.
in 1871 the fortification received an additional barracks.
He met his wife, dancer Michelle Mcsween, when the couple starred in the 1999 musical Oh, What a Night.
in 1963 , haile selassie presided over the creation of the organization of african unity , with the new organization establishing its headquarters in addis ababa .
their religion is predominantly Catholic.
The Pearson Field and Museum, along with Fort Vancouver National Historic Site, are part of the Vancouver National Historic Preserve.
Working extensively with the BBC, Ross has presented the film program since 1997, his own talk show, Friday Nights with Jonathan Ross since 2001, and a radio show on BBC Radio 2 from 1999.
his death from leukemia in 1998 was a shock to the nation and his family.
it is not one of the five nobel prizes established by alfred nobel's will in 1895.
tropical storm ana was the only tropical cyclone recorded in the atlantic basin during the month of april.
then, in february 1941, 600 jews were sent to the buchenwald and mauthausen concentration camps.
the beatles notably included his face on the cover of sgt. pepper's lonely hearts club band -lrb- guy and llewelyn-jones 2004, 111 -rrb- .
a variant of the mai style of Japanese dance is the kyomai or kyoto style dance.
cave himself has often contributed to the magazine under the pseudonym sylvanus urban.
in common law legal systems, a precedent or authority is a legal matter establishing a principle or rule that a court or other judicial body uses to decide subsequent cases with similar issues or facts.
name the group found the name by leafing through the bible and choosing a word at random.
fifa's supreme body is the fifa congress, an assembly composed of representatives of each affiliated member association.
Since 1987, the mass rapid transit system for passengers on heavy rail -lrb-mrt-rrb-metro has been in operation.
a common element in most conceptions of godliness is humility.
Artifacts in the museum include military aircraft: a World War I Sopwith Triplane and a World War II Avro Lancaster.
schneier designed blowfish as a general-purpose algorithm, intended to replace aging and free from the problems and constraints associated with other algorithms.
History The name Glinde was first mentioned in a document dated March 25, 1229.
cognition is the scientific term for “the thought process”.
Soil organic matter comes from plants and animals.
the bank then lends these deposits to the borrowers.
ended with announcement 8, possibly published posthumously.
it was launched on December 7, 1998 and is available on digital television via satellite, cable, IPTV and terrestrial platforms -lrb-freeview -rrb-.
In October 1983, the Grameen Bank project was transformed into an independent bank by government legislation.
in practice, however, the definition means that high-precision realizations of the second must compensate for the effects of ambient temperature -lrb- black body radiation -rrb- in which atomic clocks operate, and extrapolate accordingly to the value of the second at a temperature of absolute zero.
On November 15, 2003, a sprinter train traveling to Ballarat derailed between Ballan and Gordon injuring 61 people when it hit a stationary car on a country level crossing.
a console manufacturer is a company that manufactures and distributes video game consoles.
links to poverty and crime functional illiterates may face social bullying, health risks, stress, low income and other pitfalls associated with their reading and writing deficits.
the term "union council" may be used for localities that are part of cities.
Modern African history has been marked by revolutions and wars as well as the growth of modern African economies and democratization across the continent.
