There is manuscript evidence that Austen continued to work on these pieces until the period 1809-11 , and that his niece and nephew , Anna and James Edward Austen , made further additions until 1814 .
In a remarkable comparative analysis, the Mandaean scholar Säve-Söderberg demonstrated that the Psalms of Thomas de Mani were closely related to the Mandaean texts.
Before Persephone was handed over to Hermes, who had been sent to retrieve her, Hades tricked her into eating pomegranate seeds, -LRB- six or three depending on the story -RRB- which forced her to return to the underworld for a period each year.
Cogeneration plants are commonly found in district heating systems in cities, hospitals, prisons, oil refineries, paper mills, sewage treatment plants, thermal enhanced oil recovery wells and industrial facilities with high heating needs.
Geneva -LRB- , ; , ; , ; ; -RRB- is the second most populous city in Switzerland -LRB- after Zürich -RRB- and is the most populous city in Romandie -LRB- the French-speaking part of Switzerland -RRB- .
When Japan won another race on the F1 calendar ten years later, it went to Suzuka instead.
It was the first motorcycle racing event at the site since its first month of operation in August 1909 .
Ka La Ku'oko'a -LRB- Hawaiian Independence Day -RRB-: The Kingdom of Hawaii is officially recognized by the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and the July Monarchy in France as an independent nation.
A scythe -LRB- Oxford English Dictionary, Oxford University Press, 1933: Scythe -RRB- is an agricultural hand tool for mowing grass, reaping crops or harvesting people -LRB- i.e. Reaper -RRB-.
Toshihide Saito is a Japanese football -LRB- soccer -RRB- defender.
Many still refer to 25, 50, and 75 paise as 4, 8, and 12 annas respectively, much like the use of ''bit'' in American English for â
In Holland they were called Stadspijpers, in Germany Stadtpfeifer and in Italy Pifferi.
Plays and comic puppet theater loosely based on this legend were popular throughout Germany in the 16th century, often reducing Faust and Mephistopheles to figures of vulgar entertainment.
Directed by Jon Avnet and written by Fannie Flagg and Carol Sobieski, it stars Kathy Bates, Jessica Tandy, Mary-Louise Parker and Mary Stuart Masterson.
Beaumont-Pied-de-BÅ'uf is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France.
In September 1869, O'Reilly escaped and was rescued by an American ship.
The Algerian government cut power to at least large parts of the capital Algiers -LRB- and allegedly large parts of the country -RRB-, to prevent the program from being broadcast.
Castleton is a honeypot village in the Derbyshire Peak District, England.
The detection of external and internal environments at the cellular level relies on signal transduction. Many disease processes, such as diabetes, heart disease, autoimmunity, and cancer arise from defects in signal transduction pathways, further highlighting the critical importance of signal transduction to biology, as well as for medicine.
The width of the slide rule is expressed in terms of the nominal width of the scales.
May 27, 1199 Friday - Jean Sans Terre -LRB- 1167 - 1216 -RRB- becomes king of England on the death of his elder brother Richard the Lionheart.
A very wide covered walkway connects all the platforms at their western end but does not allow entry or exit from the station.
Its widespread presence in many seeds and fruits can serve to stimulate the digestive tract to expel seeds.
Country Music Television, or CMT, is an American cable television network focused on country music.
Free content , or free information , is any type of functional work , work of art or other creative content , which meets the definition of free content , having no significant legal restrictions on the freedom of persons to use , distribute copies , modify and distribute derivative works of the content .
Sea surface temperature -LRB- SST -RRB- is the temperature of the water near the surface.
They take in oxygen in the lungs or gills and release it by sneaking into the capillaries of the body.
He subsequently wrote nine more plays.
Lemon meringue pie is a type of baked pie, usually served as a dessert, usually made with a bottom pie crust, but no top crust.
A veritable reference book on the many adventures of Thunderbolt, Patch provides the perfect guide for the TV star in his attempts at real-life heroism.
On July 29, 2008, the Palace announced that King George Tupou V would relinquish much of his power and cede his role in day-to-day government affairs to the Prime Minister.
FWD Brie, 1906.
Simon Boccanegra is an opera with a prologue and three acts by Giuseppe Verdi to an Italian libretto by Francesco Maria Piave, based on the play Simín Bocanegra -LRB- 1843 -RRB- by Antonio García Gutiàrrez.
On June 6, 2000, ten days before the film's release, at the SuperComm 2000 show, the film was screened simultaneously at the show in Atlanta, Georgia, as well as on a screen in Los Angeles, California.
Bushehr Nuclear Power Plant -LRB- -RRB- is a nuclear power plant in Iran southeast of the city of Bushehr, between the fishing villages of Halileh and Bandargeh along the Persian Gulf.
In 2002, Ortiz hit .272 for Minnesota, with 20 home runs and 75 RBIs. The Twins qualified for the American League Championship Series that year, where they lost to the Anaheim Angels.
As a result, the newspaper's cover changed drastically from an uncritical and rather reverent showbiz-oriented newspaper to something intended to be smarter, hipper, cynical and funnier than any UK music newspaper. traditional had previously been -LRB- an approach influenced primarily by writers such as Tom Wolfe and Lester Bangs -RRB-.
The King -LRB- who seems chronically dissatisfied with the small size of his 10 cm son -RRB- instructs the Prince to go to Earth with a ''katamari'' -- a magic ball that allows all that is greater small enough for him to stick to it and make it grow -- and gather enough material to allow him to recreate the stars and constellations .
Marklohe is a municipality in the district of Nienburg, Lower Saxony, Germany.
Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease -LRB- COPD -RRB- , interstitial lung disease -LRB- ILD -RRB-
Glenn Thomas Jacobs -LRB- born April 26, 1967 in Madrid, Spain -RRB- is an American professional wrestler and actor better known by his ring name, Kane and currently works for World Wrestling Entertainment on its SmackDown brand.
Sudan is located in northern Africa, bordering the Red Sea and it has a coastline of 853 km along the Red Sea.
Shades of red and orange can sometimes appear, replacing or blending with yellow depending on the subspecies.
Also known as Hentchak, Henchak, Social-Democratic Hentchakists, Huntchakians, Hnchakian, Henchags, his name is taken from his journal Hunchak, meaning ''Clarion'' or ''Bell'' in English, and is taken by the party members to represent ''a call or revival, for enlightenment and freedom. ''
Guitars are traditionally constructed with various woods and strung with animal gut or, more recently, with nylon or steel strings.
The player takes on the role of an engineer named Isaac Clarke, who battles a polymorphic, virus-like alien infestation that transforms humans into grotesque alien monsters called ''Necromorphs'', aboard a stricken interstellar mining ship named USG Ishimura.
Sergio PÃrez Mendoza -LRB- born January 26, 1990 in Guadalajara, Jalisco -RRB-, also known as ''Checo'' PÃrez, is a Mexican racing driver.
To order the book in hardback form, click the ''Order Book from PediaPress'' button.
The conflict between his parents over religion meant that, unlike most Italians, Mussolini was not baptized at birth and would not be baptized until much later in life.
1810 & ndash; Ernst Kummer, German mathematician -LRB- d. 1893 -RRB-
He studied in Armenia and Istanbul, then at the University of Wisconsin, which he finished in 1915.
Ambérieux-en-Dombes is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
It is by far the longest of the Pauline epistles, and is considered his "most important theological legacy".
The Suprematists also produced architectural models in the 1920s that offered a design of socialist buildings different from those developed in constructivist architecture.
70 Virginis b is an extrasolar planet located about 60 light years away in the constellation Virgo.
Detention may refer to: Detention -LRB- 2003 film -RRB- School Punishment #Detention, a punishment used in schools Detention -LRB- Cold Case Episode -RRB-, Episode 58 -LRB- Series 3 Episode 12 -RRB - from CBS TV Drama Cold Case.
A user's home directory is intended to contain that user's files; including text documents, music, images or videos, etc.
The Old Kingdom was followed by a period of disunity and relative cultural decline that Egyptologists call the First Intermediate Period.
Rudolph Valentino -LRB- May 6, 1895 - August 23, 1926 -RRB- was an Italian actor, sex symbol and early pop icon.
Unión Deportiva Las Palmas, SAD is a Spanish football team based in Las Palmas de Gran Canaria, in the autonomous community of the Canary Islands.
The main towns are Rabaul/Kokopo in East New Britain and Kimbe in West New Britain.
During the 1970s, his nephew Billy Backus became the welterweight champion of the world after having a shaky start to his own boxing career, and Basilio said on the day Backus became champion, that for him, Billy winning the title was better than when he won. himself.
That same year, Mattel also introduced Fashion Polly!
Diseases brought by Europeans swept through the Andes, killing thousands of people, including the Incas.
Schneider is the author of numerous publications on safety, proliferation and economic trends in the nuclear industry.
They appeared on the cover of that company's free magazine, V!
Etymology The Portuguese Man O' War -LRB- named caravela-portuguesa in Portuguese -RRB- takes its name from its air bladder, which resembles the triangular sails of the Portuguese ship -LRB- man-of-war -RRB- Caravela latina - LRB- caravel with two or three masts with lateen rigging -RRB-, from the 15th and 16th centuries.
Nonverbal communication is generally understood as the process of communicating by sending and receiving messages without words.
Built in 1964, the vehicle was powered by a 1955 or 1956 Chevrolet V8 and was backed by a Powerglide automatic transmission.
He is credited with many innovations in recording.
A brief comparison of these two types of algorithms is given below: Speed ​​of Algorithms Symmetric-key algorithms are generally much less computationally intensive than asymmetric-key algorithms.
The Celtic League is a non-governmental organization that promotes self-determination and Celtic identity and culture in Ireland, Scotland, Wales, Brittany, Cornwall and the Isle of Man, known as the Celtic nations.
A popular form of textile art in Japan is the intricate tie dye -RRB- shibori -LRB-, found on some of the more expensive kimonos and haori kimono jackets.
Tourrettes-sur-Loup is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France.
In recreational canoeing, the maps measure the portages -LRB- the overland paths where the canoes must be carried -RRB- in the rods Voyager Maps BWCA Map Downloads.
Its capital is Baton Rouge and its largest city is New Orleans.
As of January 1, 2006, Ingelmunster had a total population of 10,617.
Some PDAs also have a USB port, mainly for USB sticks.
Bàthonsart is a French commune in the department of Pas-de-Calais in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region.
John Constantine Unitas -LRB- juË Ë naÉ tÉ s; May 7, 1933 â'' September 11, 2002 -RRB- , known as Johnny Unitas or ''Johnny U'', and nicknamed ''The Golden Arm'', was a professional American football player from the 1950s through the 1970, spending the majority of his career with the Baltimore Colts.
She won two matches against Sonja Graf for the Women's World Championship title; -LRB- +3 -- 1 = 0 -RRB- at Rotterdam 1934, and -LRB- +9 -- 2 = 5 -RRB- at Semmering 1937.
Old Persian appears mainly in inscriptions, clay tablets, seals from the Achaemenid period -LRB- c. 600 BCE to 300 BCE -RRB-.
The Holocaust -LRB- from Greek: hólos, ''whole'' and kaustós, ''burned'' -RRB-, The word is only marginally found in classical Greek literature generally referring to an offering.
Network Ten, or Channel Ten, is one of Australia's three major commercial television networks.
The alleged drug reference in the 'I'd like to turn you on' line resulted in the song being banned from being broadcast by the BBC.
Its name in Ossetian transliterate -LRB- in ISO 9 system -RRB- as Respublikæ Cægat Iryston - Alani.
Sean Allen Morley -LRB- born March 6, 1971 -RRB- better known by his ring name Val Venis, is a Canadian professional wrestler.
On July 26, 2004, Banco Santander Central Hispano announced the acquisition of Abbey National plc. .
William de Wiveleslie Abney FRS -LRB- July 24, 1843 - December 3, 1920 -RRB- was an English astronomer, chemist and photographer.
The name is derived from the Latin sol -LRB- sun -RRB- and sistere -LRB- to stand still -RRB-, because at the solstices, the Sun comes to rest in declination; that is, the apparent movement of the Sun's path north or south stops before reversing its direction.
Walter Kogler
Dutch Wikipedia -LRB- -RRB- is the Dutch edition of Wikipedia.
Vietnam War: The Fall of Saigon: The Vietnam War ends when communist forces take Saigon, leading to mass evacuations of Americans and South Vietnamese.
The Hush Sound SweetTangerine.net -LRB- accessed April 10, 2007 -RRB- The band consists of Bob Morris on vocals and guitar, Mike Leblanc on bass and vocals, Darren Wilson on drums and vocals, and Greta Salpeter on vocals and piano.
Albatross chicks fledge on their own and no longer receive help from their parents, who return to the nest after fledging, unaware that their chick is gone.
a family of
Only one track, ''One After 909'', was taken from the rooftop concert, ''I've Got a Feeling'' and ''Dig a Pony'' being studio recordings instead.
Ferdinand II died in 1516 in Madrigalejo, Extremadura.
It was released on January 29, 1996 on PC.
His season also included two pole positions, three fastest laps and two lap records, helping him to finish sixth in the championship.
The cost of a Travelcard is determined by the zone it covers and for this purpose London is divided into several fare zones.
The vegetation of the small and narrow islands, surrounded by the sea, is very luxuriant; including rainforests, sago, rice and famous spices – nutmeg, cloves and mace, among others.
Aubrometz is a commune in the department of Pas-de-Calais in northern France.
Collectively, disruptive editors harm Wikipedia by degrading its reliability as a reference source and by wearing down the patience of productive editors who may leave the project in frustration when a disruptive editor continues with impunity.
Poanes benito Freeman, 1979 -- Skipper of Benito
Some party members remained on the mainland and broke away from the main KMT to found the Kuomintang Revolutionary Committee, which currently still exists as one of eight minor parties registered in the People's Republic of China.
Arsenic acid is prepared by treating arsenic trioxide with concentrated nitric acid or by combining arsenic pentoxide with water.
Johnson was elected to the US House of Representatives in 1806.
In its second phase, Synthetic Cubism, the movement spread and remained vital until around 1919, when the Surrealist movement gained popularity.
Constitutional Monarchy - A government that has a monarch, but whose powers are limited by law or a formal constitution.
In Spain, the Reconquista continues as several important towns are retaken from the Moors.
The elk, or wapiti -LRB- Cervus canadensis -RRB-, is one of the largest species of deer in the world and one of the largest mammals in North America and East Asia.
Also Ed Begley, Jr., Josh Duhamel, Gilbert Gottfried, Tim Gunn and Carson Palmer play themselves.
According to the 1998 census, the population was 595,227.
DSE crews carried out backburning operations to ensure the fire was contained on February 9, warning residents of areas between Pakenham and Warragul of the smoke from these fires.
CONCACAF -LRB- the Confederation of North, Central American and Caribbean Football -RRB- is the continental governing body for football in North America, Central America and the Caribbean.
Prutky's Travels in Ethiopia and other Countries with notes by Richard Pankhurst -LRB- London: Hakluyt Society, 1991 -RRB- In the South Asian subcontinent, food is traditionally always eaten without utensils.
They had four children: Sarah, Michael, Ruth and Maxim.
He is called, by Muslims, the Holy Spirit created -LRB- Islam -RRB- who spoke to Muhammad, Nader, M/O. The Holy Spirit in the Quran.
Jacqueline Mary du Pré OBE -LRB- January 26, 1945 October 19, 1987 -RRB- was a British cellist, recognized as one of the greatest interpreters of the instrument.
Sirius left Portsmouth on May 13, 1787 and arrived in Port Jackson on January 26, 1788.
The Balearic Islands include Majorca and Menorca, which are the Balearic Islands proper, and other smaller islands, which together constitute an autonomous community of Spain.
She began performing and touring in a crossover duo with singer-songwriter Josh Ritter in 2007 and with singer-songwriter Tom Brosseau in 2005.
April 4 & ndash; Felipe III -LRB- Philip III -RRB-, King of Spain, signs an edict to expel all Moriscos from Spain -LRB- see September 11 -RRB-.
Besançon -LRB- French and Arpitan:; Archaic German: Bisanz, -RRB-, is the capital and principal city of the Franche-Comté region in eastern France.
Tizac-de-Curton is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France.
He was hanged, stretched and quartered - strangled by hanging but released while he was still alive, gutted and his entrails burned in front of him, decapitated, castrated, then cut into four parts.
Michael Fuchs-Gambock, Gerhard Augustin: Booklet-to-CD reissue of ''Hosianna Mantra'', SPV recordings, 2004 The group takes its name from the Popol Vuh, a manuscript containing the mythology of the post-classical Quiché Maya people of the highlands of Guatemala.
A UN -LRB- InterFET -RRB- force consisting mainly of Australian Defense Force personnel has been deployed to East Timor to establish and maintain peace.
The rainy season for the north coast runs from November to January.
The borough of Broomhill – comprising the boroughs of Broomhill, Crookesmoor, Endcliffe and Tapton – is one of 28 electoral wards in the city of Sheffield, England.
In both developing and developed countries, artificial feeding is associated with more deaths from diarrhea in infants.
1642 & ndash; Charles I calls the English Parliament traitors.
Films they co-starred in included Captain Blood -LRB-/O1935/O-RRB-, The Charge of the Light Brigade -LRB-/O1936/O-RRB-, The Adventures of Robin Hood and Four 'sa Crowd - LRB-/O1938/O-RRB- , Dodge City and The Private Lives of Elizabeth and Essex -LRB-/O1939/O-RRB- , Santa Fe Trail -LRB-/O1940/O-RRB- and they died with their boots Sur -LRB-/O1941/O-RRB- .
Konzum joined the Agrokor group in 1994.
About 98% of Antarctica is covered in ice with an average thickness of at least 1.6 kilometers -LRB- 1.0 mi -RRB- .
Bacterial organisms are sometimes included in a flora, and sometimes the terms bacterial flora and plant flora are used separately.
He is currently Principal Conductor and Artistic Advisor of the Philharmonia Orchestra of London and Laureate Conductor of the Los Angeles Philharmonic.
Murtaugh is named after Mark Murtaugh, who oversaw a local irrigation project.
Alternating
OMI =
Leventina is one of the eight districts of the largely Italian-speaking canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Additionally, there are about 50 smaller macropods closely related to kangaroo in the family Macropodidae.
He moved to Los Angeles, California in 1988 to pursue a career in interior design and set construction.
Word order The word order in simple Turkish sentences is usually Subject Object Verb, as in Korean and Latin, but unlike English.
Within Lothian there is Edinburgh City, West Lothian, Mid Lothian and East Lothian.
Despite asking Voldemort to spare Lily, Snape, still fearing for her safety, went to Dumbledore and begged him to protect the Potters.
It was founded in 1440 by King Henry VI as ''King's College of Our Lady of Eton besides Wyndsor''.
The Sea of ​​Japan is a marginal sea in the western Pacific Ocean, between the Asian continent, the Japanese archipelago and Sakhalin.
Montracol is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Papuan languages ​​are the Western Pacific languages ​​that are neither Austronesian nor Australian.
The first viable substitute was celluloid billiard balls, invented by John Wesley Hyatt in 1868, but the material was volatile and highly flammable, sometimes exploding during manufacture.
Nowadays, most programs are done using high-level programming languages.
The majority owner of the team is Hollywood producer Joe Roth and its minority owners are Adrian Hanauer, Paul Allen and Drew Carey.
Bennington rose to prominence as a singer with Linkin Park's 2000 debut album Hybrid Theory, which was a huge commercial success.
Olbia -LRB- or , locally ,; Sardinian name: Terranoa, Gallurese: Tarranoa -RRB-, is a municipality of approximately 54,000 -LRB- 2009 -RRB- inhabitants of northeastern Sardinia -LRB- Italy -RRB-, in the sub-region of Gallura .
Today this is usually interpreted to mean CDFGA cd, but it should be taken as sol la do re mi sol la, as historically the qin was not tuned to absolute pitch.
ISBN 3-85052-197-4
He was assassinated by a member of the Muslim Brotherhood while in office.
Simultaneously, Archer starred in a production of his courtroom play The Accused, staged at London's Theater Royal Haymarket. The play concerned the trial of an alleged murderer and assigned the role of jury to the audience, who would vote on the guilt of Archer's character at the end of each performance.
Dury is a French commune in the department of Pas-de-Calais in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region.
One of the largest and best-known Hasidic movements in the world, it is based in the Crown Heights neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York.
The airport is operated by the Airport Authority Hong Kong and is the main hub for Cathay Pacific, Dragonair, Hong Kong Express Airways, Hong Kong Airlines and Air Hong Kong -LRB- cargo -RRB-.
The Imagen Foundation is dedicated to ''encouraging and recognizing positive portrayals of Latinos in the entertainment industry'' slogan of the Imagen Foundation.
These were the last Winter Olympics to be held in the same year as the Summer Olympics and the first where the Paralympic Winter Games were held at the same venue.
In digital circuits, a flip-flop is a term referring to an electronic circuit -LRB- a bistable multivibrator -RRB- which has two stable states and is thus able to serve as a bit of memory.
In the presidential election of 1860, the Republican Party, led by Abraham Lincoln, had campaigned against the expansion of slavery beyond the states in which it already existed.
The winged male ants, called drones, emerge from the pupae with the reproductive females -LRB- although some species, such as army ants, have wingless queens -RRB-, and do nothing in life except eat and s mate.
Tatsuya Enomoto -LRB- born March 16, 1979 in Tokyo, Japan -RRB- is a Japanese footballer who plays for Japanese club Vissel Kobe.
The eye continued to contract to a diameter of approximately , the smallest known eye in an Atlantic hurricane, and at 1200 UTC on October 19, Wilma reached peak winds of .
That year, Egypt made peace with Israel, the Iranian government was overthrown in the Iranian Revolution, and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan began.
''Machine and I'' -LRB- The Queen and I Remix -RRB- -LRB- featuring Keith Buckley of Every Time I Die -RRB- & ndash; 4:22
On October 22, 2006, at 3:13 p.m. PST, a magnitude 3.5 earthquake erupted Spine 7.
King Rodolphe III of Burgundy gave the land to the Bishop of Sion in 999, making him Count of Valais.
In a large open-air theater, such as the Theater of Dionysus in Athens, classical masks were able to bring the figures' faces closer to the audience, especially since they had intensely exaggerated features and facial expressions.
Maigné is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays-de-la-Loire region in northwestern France.
General description The first version of the CRT was invented by the German physicist Ferdinand Braun in 1897 and is also known as the "Braun tube".
Thus, each generation of cells should be twice as numerous as the previous generation.
It is produced by fermentation of glucose, sucrose or lactose by the bacterium Xanthomonas campestris.
The first symptoms are insidious but evolve quickly and the swelling of the throat can lead to cyanosis and asphyxiation.
The is the smallest of Japan's six original and distinct dog breeds.
Concept and creation According to Rowling, the idea for the Harry Potter books and its eponymous protagonist came while waiting for a delayed train from Manchester to London in 1990.
Knowles has sold over 50 million records worldwide with the band and over 75 million records in his total career.
The single-seater team was unsuccessful in its first year, scoring no points.
The World Economic Forum -LRB-WEF-RRB- is a non-profit foundation based in Geneva, best known for its annual meeting in Davos, Switzerland, which brings together top business leaders, international political leaders, intellectuals and journalists selected to discuss the most important topics. pressing issues facing the world, including health and the environment.
History São Tomé was founded by Portugal in 1485.
After Big Show fell to his knees, Mayweather attacked him with a combination of punches, which caused Big Show to bleed from his nose and mouth.
With their supplies destroyed by Stoneman's troops in the towns of Wytheville and Abingdon, there was little hope of being resupplied or reinforced in the near future.
Geomyoidea is a superfamily of rodents that contains the pocket gophers -LRB-Geomyidae -RRB-, the kangaroo rats and mice -LRB-Heteromyidae -RRB-, and their fossil relatives.
The hydraulis was the world's first keyboard instrument and was, in fact, the predecessor of the modern church organ.
He was first organist at the Cathedral of Huesca from 1585 to 1603, then held a more prestigious position as maestro de música at La Seo Cathedral in Zaragoza.
January 24 A sudden heavy snowfall hits Algeria.
The park, which receives approximately thirty-five million visitors a year, is the most visited urban park in the United States.
The Sargasso Sea in the Atlantic Ocean was named after algae because it is home to a large amount of Sargassum.
A Julian date of 2454115.05486 means that the date and universal time is Sunday, January 14, 2007 at 1:18:59.9 p.m.
From 800 to 1400 AD, this ancient civilization cultivated the area and built irrigation canals, constructing over 200 km of canals, much of which remains today.
The nose was designed to carry two 0.50 in -LRB- 12.7 mm -RRB-M2 Browning machine guns, with 200 rpg, two 0.30 in -LRB- 7.62 mm -RRB-Brownings, with 500 rpg, and an Oldsmobile 37 mm -LRB- 1.46 in barrel -RRB- with 15 rounds.
Reruns still air on CTV and The Comedy Network in Canada, WGN America in the United States.
In multicellular organisms, many signal transduction processes are required to coordinate the behavior of individual cells to support the function of the organism as a whole.
Davis attended Watford Boys' Grammar School, where he studied classics in his sixth grade, and the Junior Royal Academy of Music.
Whale -LRB- origin Old English h æl -RRB- is the common name for various marine mammals of the order Cetacea.
His music shows influence from Brahms and Schumann, and to a lesser extent from Irish folk music; he was generally unsympathetic to more modern developments.
The novel won the Locus Award for Best Science Fiction Novel and was nominated for the 1998 Hugo Award for Best Novel.
The club's home is one of 29 UEFA Category 3 stadiums, Hampden Park, south-east of Glasgow, which is also home to the Scottish national team.
The story is of great antiquity â '' it was current in the time of Homer -LRB- eighth century BC -RRB- â '' and consequently it survives in various forms, among which the details vary.
Jackson County is a county located in the US state of Florida.
A cultural definition of Europe as the lands of Latin Christianity merged in the eighth century, signifying the new cultural condominium created by the confluence of Germanic traditions and Christian-Latin culture, defined partly in contrast to Byzantium and Islam , and restricted to the northern Iberian Peninsula, the British Isles, France, Christianized western Germany, the Alpine regions, and northern and central Italy.
Gambon is a skilled private driver and his love of cars led him to appear on the BBC show Top Gear.
Henrietta had strong Catholic beliefs, which would strongly influence her time as Queen, and particularly the early years following her marriage. Charles liked to call Henrietta Maria simply ''Maria'', the English calling her ''Queen Mary'', alluding to Charles' Catholic grandmother.
The film contains monologues from these women and dramatically highlights three verses from the Quran, -LRB- and -RRB- that authorize the abuse of women, by showing them painted on women's bodies.
Power Windows Website Rush: by Brian Harrigan, accessed April 17, 2007
The Grammy Award for Best Alternative Music Album has been awarded since 1991.
This case is also known as the Wilhelmstrasse trial, so named because the German Foreign Office was located in Berlin's Wilhelmstrasse.
The dipole moment of the bar magnet points from its magnetic south to its magnetic north pole.
Adams was found guilty at a subsequent trial of 13 misdemeanors of prescription fraud, lying on cremation forms, obstructing a police search and failing to keep a dangerous drug record.
Villandraut is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Islamic theology -LRB- -RRB- is a branch of Islamic studies concerning the beliefs associated with the Islamic faith.
In 1991, The Offspring teamed up with Wilson again to produce the EP Bagdad 7''.
The cantonal police can issue an authorization allowing residents to drive and park on the northern outskirts.
Prominent contributors to the theory include Lawrence Kohlberg and Elliot Turiel.
The first 500 primes are listed below, followed by lists of the first primes of various types in alphabetical order.
M. leprae is an aerobic rod-shaped bacillus -LRB- -RRB- surrounded by a characteristic waxy coating unique to mycobacteria.
Redon and Werner -LRB-/O1969/O-RRB-, p. ix.
1989 & ndash; A solar flare from the Sun creates a geomagnetic storm that affects microchips, causing all trading on the Toronto stock market to stop.
For example, long-time contributors using their real names may want to use a pseudonymous account for contributions they don't want their real name associated with, or long-time users may want to create a new account to find out how the community works. for new users.
Poland A second level administrative division in Poland is called a powiat.
On July 11, 1902, in failing health and heartbroken by the death of his wife, Salisbury resigned.
In modern times, the sun appears in the constellation of Sagittarius during this period.
Red deer is the fourth largest species of deer behind moose, elk -LRB-elk -RRB- and sambar deer.
The M-Train uses sliding doors, unlike the K-Stocks and A-Stocks which use plug-doors.
When Emo doesn't accept his story, Proog becomes desperate and punches him.
1705 & ndash; Leopold Josef Graf Daun, Austrian Marshal -LRB- d. 1766 -RRB-
1865 & ndash; Rudyard Kipling, English writer, Nobel laureate -LRB- d. 1936 -RRB-
Months pass and Tod and Copper reach adulthood; Copper has grown into an experienced hunting dog, while Tod has grown into a handsome fox. The night Copper returns, Tod -LRB- Mickey Rooney -RRB- sneaks out to meet him.
The bonus DVD includes interviews with the band members and the producer regarding the Valley of the Damned period and the remix, professionally filmed footage from their first Japanese tour, two commentaries; one by Herman Li and Vadim Pruzhanov and one by ZP Theart and Karl Groom, behind the scenes footage from a live performance in Japan and the recording in Denmark and remixing session for the album.
South Dildo is an unincorporated neighboring community.
Nome is a city in the Nome Census Area in the Unorganized Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska, located on the south coast of the Seward Peninsula on Norton Sound of the Bering Sea.
Henbane -LRB- Hyoscyamus niger -RRB-, also known as stinking nightshade or black henbane, is a plant in the nightshade family native to Eurasia, although it is now distributed worldwide.
Here DvoÅ Ãk met Harry Burleigh, his student at the time and one of the first African-American composers.
Photography is the process, activity, and art of creating still or moving images by recording radiation on a radiation-sensitive medium, such as photographic film or an electronic sensor.
Resident Evil: The Umbrella Chronicles, known as Biohazard: The Umbrella Chronicles in Japan, is an on-rails shooter video game co-developed by Capcom and Cavia.
1924 & ndash; Billy Barty, American actor -LRB- d. 2000 -RRB-
Olive oil is also used in soap making and as lamp oil.
In English, the name is sometimes spelled Belau in accordance with the native pronunciation.
The surname is derived from the genus Vitis.
It features Samantha Morton as the voice of Ruby, Billy Rosemberg as the voice of Max, and Julie Lemieux as Louise.
The surface low choked and moved north through the Mississippi Valley spreading light to moderate rain along its path.
Assé-le-Bérenger is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France.
The Honda engine is designed and produced by Ilmor, which is partly owned by Roger Penske.
Lit ich Smetana -LRB-; 1824 , Litomy l , Bohemia 1884 , Prague , Bohemia -RRB- was a Czech composer who pioneered the development of a musical style that became closely identified with his country's aspirations for an independent state.
The capital and largest city is Natal.
Several years later, while Max is in college, he discovers that Freak and his mother, Guinevere -LRB- nicknamed ''The Fair Gwen'' after King Arthur's wife -RRB- move into the house next door. .
As a lieutenant in the , he accompanied Byron on his circumnavigation voyage from June 1764 to May 1766.
He wrote six symphonies, 15 operas, 14 ballet scores and a large number of orchestral, chamber, vocal and instrumental works.
A Furby -LRB- plural Furbys or Furbies, according to Tiger.
A killer app can dramatically increase the sales of the platform it runs on.
It was originally defined to include those -LRB- organisms originally, only the -RRB- invertebrates that had certain characteristics: Michener, CD, Annu.
Kelp forests are underwater areas with a high density of kelp.
Galileo's Encounter with 951 Gaspra: Overview, Icarus, Vol.
The terms anoxia and hypoxia are used in various contexts:
Oldham Cricket Club is a cricket team based at The Pollards in the Watersheddings area of ​​Oldham, Greater Manchester, England.
Kansas' first album with Elefante, Vinyl Confessions, released in May 1982, was their most successful studio release since Point of Know Return.
The Singapore River is a small river in Singapore with great historical significance.
The French rank of maréchal de camp should not be confused with the rank of maréchal de France, which was the highest rank of the Ancien Régime and is in fact the highest French rank today -LRB- although 'in theory it is not a real rank but a ''dignity of status'' -RRB- .
Magna Carta is often a symbol for the first time the citizens of England were granted rights against an absolute king. However, in practice the Commons could not apply the Magna Carta in the few situations where it applied to them, so its scope was limited.
About 467 people live there and it has 7.58 km.
The match begins with a four-minute round of chess. This is followed by three minutes of boxing, with rounds of chess and boxing alternating until the end.
Thomas Wentworth ''Tom'' Wills -LRB- 19 August 1835 – 3 May 1880 -RRB- was an Australian sportsman, referee, coach and administrator who is considered one of the inventors of Australian rules football.
The city 's largest employer , the Abalone Cooperative , was established in 1967 .
However , in the case of Rhea , the electron plasma began to drop slightly at eight times this distance , and gradually decreased until the steep drop expected when Cassini entered Rhea 's plasma shadow .
The chemical formula is SnS.
Scriabin considered D major to be golden in color, and in a discussion with Rimsky-Korsakov he gave an example from one of Rimsky-Korsakov's own operas where a character sang in D major over gold.
Authors of IPCC reports are chosen from a list of researchers prepared by governments, participating organizations and working group/task force offices, and other experts as appropriate, known through their publications and their works -LRB- , 4.2.1,2 - RRB-.
It measures 9.25 inches in circumference -LRB- 2 3/8 inches to 3 inches in diameter -RRB- .
Franz Seldte -LRB- June 29, 1882 April 1, 1947 -RRB- was a co-founder of the German paramilitary organization Stahlhelm, Bund der Frontsoldaten, a Nazi politician and a Reich Labor Minister.
Khojak Pass is between Quetta and Chaman.
This has traditionally been interpreted as the reason for the construction of hill forts, although the siting of some hill forts on the sides of hills has undermined their defensive value, hence "hill forts" may represent areas growing communal or even “elite zones”.
Sir Martin John Evans -LRB- b. January 1, 1941, Stroud, Gloucestershire -RRB- is a British scientist who, together with Matthew Kaufman, was the first to grow mouse embryonic stem cells and grow them in the laboratory in 1981.
At that time, now-extinct wild animals such as mammoths, European lions and Irish elk roamed the European continent.
''Fallen Leaves'' is the third single from Canadian rock band Billy Talent's second album, Billy Talent II.
kerfeldt producing , in november 2007 .
He currently plays for J. League side Tokushima Vortis on loan from Cerezo Osaka after falling out with his manager.
''So Here We Are\/Positive Tension'' is a double A-side single by Bloc Party from their debut album Silent Alarm.
is a Japanese footballer who currently plays for Albirex Niigata FC -LRB- Singapore -RRB-.
Triple H defeated The Rock in a Strap match -LRB- 7:21 PM -RRB- Triple H pinned Rock after a Pedigree to win a WWF Championship match at SummerSlam.
The second is the MESSENGER spacecraft, which mapped an additional 30% during its January 14, 2008 flyby.
The county was sometimes referred to as Duns-shire or Dunsshire during the Victorian period and after, reflecting the fact that Duns had become the county town.
The United Soccer Leagues make up the lower divisions; the USL First Division is a 2nd Division league and the USL Second Division is a 3rd Division league.
Saladin abolishes the Fatimid Caliphate, restoring Sunni rule in Egypt.
Sainte-Foy en Vendée is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France.
Mario Basler -LRB- born December 18, 1968 in Neustadt an der Weinstraße, Germany -RRB- is a former German football winger -LRB- football -RRB-, and current manager and sporting director of the German team SV Eintracht Trier 05 .
Meristematic cells have a function analogous to stem cells in animals, are incompletely or not at all differentiated, and are capable of continuous cell division -LRB-juvenile -RRB-.
The fire's progress had been halted by the afternoon of February 9, although it had burned 245 km².
The cubic meter -LRB- US spelling: cubic meter, symbol: m3 -RRB- is the SI derived unit of volume.
The word derives from the Greek language '''', which literally means ''the inhabited world'', YourDictionary - Ecumenical Definition 1996-2010 LoveToKnow, Corp.
Participants included Sardar Gohar Rehman, Chaudhry Ghulam Abbass, Khwaja Ghulam Ahmad Ashai, Mistri Yaqoob Ali, Sardar Fateh Muhammed Khan Kharelvi, Sheikh Ghulam Qadir and Sheikh Mohammed Abdullah.
In European decorative art, the sphinx experienced a major revival during the Renaissance.
Swans are the largest members of the Anatidae family and are among the largest flying birds.
Many former Major League players have called Northern League teams home in a bid to return to the Majors.
While all animals can generally be considered to contain all four types of tissues, the manifestation of these tissues may differ depending on the type of organism.
Enlightenment has been in development for over a decade; its latest stable release is E16 1.0.4.
La Hulpe -LRB- -RRB- is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant.
Henry Addington, 1st Viscount Sidmouth, PC -LRB- 30 May 1757 – 15 February 1844 -RRB- was a British statesman and Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1801 to 1804.
Finland rejected territorial claims and was invaded by the Soviet Union in November 1939.
Canterbury Cathedral in Canterbury, Kent, is one of the oldest and most famous Christian structures in England and part of a World Heritage Site.
Since the 6th century, Bergamo was the seat of one of the most important Lombard duchies in northern Italy, along with Brescia, Trento and Cividale del Friuli: its first Lombard duke was Wallaris.
Charmed is an American television series originally broadcast from October 7, 1998 to May 21, 2006 on the WB television network.
British Rail Class 395 is a Dual Voltage Electric Multiple Unit -LRB-EMU -RRB- used by the Southeastern Rail Operating Company for its services along High Speed ​​1 and beyond to the Kent coast. The trains were built in Japan by Hitachi and shipped to the UK to operate new high-speed domestic services.
Ã dson Boaro, better known as Ã dson and as Ã dson AbobrÃ # o -LRB- born July 3, 1959 in SÃ # o JosÃ do Rio Pardo, SÃ # o Paulo State -RRB- is a former Brazilian footballer -LRB- soccer -RRB- defender.
Broadcast :
Prague is the capital and largest city of the Czech Republic.
Work Dr. Costanza's research has focused on the interface between ecological and economic systems, particularly at larger temporal and spatial scales.
The battery electric multiple unit was an experimental two-car multiple unit, built at the same time and in the same style as the prototype Derby Lightweight Diesel multiple unit.
Billy-sur-Aisne is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France.
Havel left office after the end of his second term as Czech President on February 2, 2003; Vàclav Klaus , one of his biggest political opponents , was elected his successor on February 28 , 2003 .
Geographers and geologists sometimes refer to the area, together with the Imperial Valley to the south, as the ''Cahuilla Basin'' or the ''Salton Trough''.
29 Amphitrite -LRB-, or as in -RRB- is one of the largest S-type asteroids, probably the third largest in diameter after Eunomia and Juno, although Iris and Herculina are similar in size.
The abbey was founded in 1089 when Leopold II, Margrave of Austria donated one of his castles to the Benedictine monks of Lambach Abbey.
Management Treatment methods often involve a combination of behavior modification, medication, lifestyle changes, and counseling.
PERM, labor certification -LRB- Program Electronic Review Management -RRB-, a foreign labor certification program implemented by the United States Department of Labor
Cortina d'Ampezzo had won the games in June 1939, but due to World War II, the 1944 Winter Olympics were canceled in 1941.
The ability to be mobile is another distinguishing feature of an animal.
Over the years, he has donated billions of dollars to charities, schools and hospitals.
The acquisition of 797 bookstores transformed the company into a national retailer and, by the end of fiscal 1999, the second largest online bookseller in the United States.
Khan Tokhtamysh of the Golden Horde invades Moscow, as punishment for Grand Prince Dmitri Donskoi's resistance to Khan Mamai of the Blue Horde in the 1370s.
The suite originally bundled Keynote, a presentation program that was previously sold as a standalone app, and Pages, a combined word processing and page layout app.
As the city grew, a larger market square became necessary.
The clove was then one of the most precious spices, a kg costing about 7 g of gold.
Riverton, Mississippi, USA
SliTaz GNU/Linux A small desktop distribution.
Gignac-la-Nerthe is a commune in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in southern France.
Roucamps is a commune in the Calvados department in the Lower Normandy region of France.
Snoopy is a fictional character from the long-running comic strip Peanuts, by Charles M. Schulz. He is Charlie Brown's pet beagle.
The taxi station in Basseterre is located at Cirque -LRB- 466 6999 -RRB- .
Retrieved: February 23, 2008.
1824 & ndash; Mexico adopts a new constitution and becomes a federal republic.
eta _ -LCB- th -RCB- = 1 - frac -LCB- r ^ -LCB- 1 - gamma -RCB- -LRB- r_c ^ gamma - 1 -RRB- -RCB- -LCB- gamma -LRB- r_c - 1 -RRB- -RCB- ,
In medical contexts, neonate or neonate -LRB- from Latin, neonatus, neonate -RRB- refers to an infant within the first 28 days of life -LRB- less than one month old -RRB - .
It covers 9.07 km² and is located close to the capital Srinagar.
Hans Kleppen -LRB- March 16, 1907 - April 12, 2009 -RRB- was a Norwegian ski jumper who competed in the late 1920s.
Nacozari began with the discovery of mines in 1660.
Deleting an article from Wikipedia removes the current version and from public view.
On the other hand, many large hills, including some Munros, and other well-known hills such as Bowfell, the Langdale Pikes, and Carnedd Dafydd, are not Marilyns because they lack sufficient relative height.
Let me root, root, root for the home team, if they don't win it's a shame.
style: adds CSS to the main div. ; headerstyle: adds CSS to the header.
On April 15, 1989, the ground was the scene of one of the worst sporting tragedies of all time when 94 Liverpool fans -LRB- the final death toll was 96 -RRB- were crushed to death during a an FA Cup semi-final in the infamous Hillsborough disaster.
Finally , the Commonwealth of Australia Constitution Act was passed by the British Parliament in 1900 .
The National Collegiate Athletic Association -LRB- NCAA -RRB- is a semi-voluntary association of 1,281 institutions, conferences, organizations and individuals that organizes the athletic programs of many colleges and universities in the United States and Canada.
Here is a list of some of the forests in the UK.
However, Delhi still resisted the British and encouraged by this, the Dhund tribesmen attempted to seize Murree by simultaneously rising from all sides and piling up the nearest hills, threatening the destruction of the station .
There he spent the first sixteen years of his life, and received all of his schooling, most of it from his father, Robert P. Nevin, editor and proprietor of a Pittsburgh newspaper, and contributor to numerous magazines.
At the time, Hurricane Mitch was the strongest Atlantic hurricane observed in October, although it has since been surpassed by Hurricane Wilma of the 2005 season.
He was known to his contemporaries as Fra Giovanni da Fiesole -LRB- Brother John of Fiesole -RRB- and by Vasari as Fra Giovanni Angelico -LRB- Brother Giovanni the Angelica -RRB-.
It works best on texts for children up to fourth grade.
Ricardo Cabanas-Rey -LRB- born January 17, 1979 in Zürich -RRB- is a Swiss footballer -LRB- footballer -RRB- who plays as a midfielder for the Grasshoppers.
Throughout most of the history of personal computers, data transfer through serial ports has connected the computer to peripherals such as terminals and various peripherals.
The group led by Ayers in Detroit, Michigan became one of the first gatherings of what became the Weatherman.
Van Schie currently lives in the Dutch province of Overijssel.
In 1913, his father joined his regiment in Aldershot, where the family settled in Stonehurst, a large furnished bungalow on top of a hill.
Both of these ingredients have a strong, pungent odor often strongly associated with mothballs.
On October 1, 1500, Columbus and his two brothers, also in chains, were sent back to Spain.
No Country for Old Men, released in November 2007, closely follows Cormac McCarthy's 2005 novel.
The density of solvents heavier than water is in bold.
History On February 23, 1998, Netscape created the Mozilla organization to coordinate the development of the Mozilla suite of applications.
With the 2008 revisions of the laptop, wired Ethernet connectivity required a separately available USB-to-Ethernet adapter.
The varieties of LPG purchased and sold include blends that are primarily propane, blends that are primarily butane, and most common, blends that include both propane -LRB- 60% -RRB- and butane -LRB- 40% -RRB-, depending on the season - in winter more propane, in summer more butane.
Press Alt
The armies of the presidency were named after the presidencies: Bengal Army, Madras Army and Bombay Army.
In passive solar building design, windows, walls and floors are designed to collect, store and distribute solar energy as heat in winter -LRB- Passive solar heating -RRB- and reject solar heat in summer -LRB- Passive Solar Cooling -RRB- .
All of the outer walls are still standing today, although the temple itself was long since destroyed, and for many years the west wall of the complex was believed to be the only wall standing.
Around mid-October 2007, video sites such as YouTube were flooded with videos depicting the reactions of others when they first watched the video.
Venice repels a Hungarian invasion.
The union council is named after the main village in the area, i.e. Nambal.
He was elected on May 17, 2005, defeating incumbent Mayor James Hahn, and re-elected for a second term in 2009.
Violet Blue, an author, described this website as becoming "the new 'tubgirl' and goatee all in one disgusting moment of choco-poo love" in an article in the San Francisco Chronicle.
In accordance with the Convention on International Civil Aviation, all aircraft must be registered with a national aviation authority and they must carry proof of this registration in the form of a legal document called a certificate of registration. at all times when in use.
He is the principal owner of the Boston Red Sox and co-owner of Roush Fenway Racing.
In addition, more than 420 square kilometers -LRB- 103,000 acres -RRB- of various crops, including sugar cane, corn and bananas, were flooded.
Retie is a municipality located in the Campine region of the Belgian province of Antwerp.
The precursor to Hurricane Elena was a tropical wave that moved off the coast of Africa on August 23.
The interwar period -LRB- 1918 - 1939 -RRB- is understood, in recent Western culture, as the period between the end of the First World War and the beginning of the Second World War.
In a recent edit -RCB- -RCB- -RCB- , you changed one or more words from one international variety of English to another .
Normally this happens twice a day, once in the morning and once in the evening, the times when most people are on the move.
Wills's letter stated: “It is the desire that after the prayer you, as chief executive of the nation, have formally set apart these grounds to their sacred use by some suitable remarks. ''
For Stowe, blood relations rather than paternalistic relations between masters and slaves formed the basis of families.
BBC Four is a BBC television network available to viewers of digital television -LRB- Freeview, IPTV, satellite and cable -RRB- in the UK.
According to the Council, this claim is disputed and that the hot dog was created in the late 17th century by Johann Georghehner, a butcher, living in Coburg.
He studied English Literature at Loyola College in Baltimore and graduated in 1969.
LinuxLive USB Creator is freeware for Windows that allows users to create bootable Live USB systems for many Linux distributions.
According to this definition and our current understanding, the universe consists of three elements: space and time, known collectively as spacetime or the vacuum; matter and various forms of energy and momentum occupying space-time; and the physical laws that govern the first two.
; style \*: specifies the CSS styles to apply to the body of the template.
The mayor of Wichita Falls is Glenn Barham. Wichita Falls City Council has six members: Linda Ammons, Michael Smith, Dorothy Roberts-Burns, Rick Hatcher, Tim Ingle and Mary Ward.
Koji Sakamoto -LRB- born December 3, 1978 in Yasu, Shiga, Japan -RRB- is a Japanese footballer currently playing for the Japanese club Shonan Bellmare.
He has since retired from active politics, leaving the House of Commons at the 2001 general election, but continues to be a sought-after speaker.
All three BBC Three dramas produced in 2004 -LRB- Outlaws, Bodies and Conviction -RRB- received BAFTA nominations, as did classical music show Flashmob The Opera In 2008, BBC Three's Gavin and Stacey won the BAFTA Audience Award and Best Comedy Performance Award went to James Corden for his part.
Mario Bernardi CC is the Laureate Conductor, Boris Brott, OC, is the Principal Youth and Family Conductor, and Jack Everly is the Principal Pops Conductor.
Charles-Valentin Alkan -LRB- November 30, 1813 March 29, 1888 -RRB- was a French composer and one of the greatest virtuoso pianists of his time.
Algae -LRB- or; The singular alga, Latin for ''seaweed'' -RRB- is a large and diverse group of simple, usually autotrophic organisms, ranging from single-celled to multi-cellular forms, such as giant kelps that reach 65 meters in length.
They originated from the Punjab region, which was home to some of the world's oldest civilizations, including one of the world's first and oldest civilizations, the Indus Valley Civilization.
In the end, Ruth-Marie and Melinda sided with Cirie as the secretly grieving Tina was eliminated 3-1.
Within Cisleithania and Hungary, certain regions, such as Galicia and Croatia, enjoyed special status with their own unique governmental structures.
Ferfay is a French commune in the department of Pas-de-Calais in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region.
Marcus Furius Camillus, Sextus Nonius Quinctilianus and Lucius Apronius become Roman consuls.
The cathedral was built from the 13th to the 15th century, the main works having been carried out in the 14th century.
Since their introduction, total stations have made the technological shift from optical-mechanical devices to being fully electronic with on-board computer and software as well as humans.
His older brother Sun Ce carved out a warlord state for himself in the region, based on his own followers and a number of local clan allegiances.
Kelsey Grammer as Dr. Henry ''Hank'' McCoy\/O/ Beast: A former student of Xavier's School who became Secretary of Mutant Affairs for the United States government.
In nature, Bangladeshi Hinduism closely resembles the forms and customs of Hinduism practiced in the neighboring Indian state of West Bengal, with which Bangladesh -LRB- formerly known as East Bengal -RRB- was united. until the partition of India in 1947.
Cabbage is often added to soups or stews. Cabbage soup is popular in Central and Eastern Europe, and cabbage is an ingredient in some types of borscht.
Spider and Son's role in the Red Hot Chili Peppers Kiedis provides most of the Chili Peppers' lyrics.
Since 2004 The first president of the UMP, Alain Juppé, close to Jacques Chirac, resigned on July 15, 2004 after being condemned for political corruption in January of the same year.
The book was published in Germany by Ravensburger on July 26, 2007, and the American publishing house Scholastic published the English version, titled Knut: How one little polar bear captivated the world, in the United States in November of the same year.
Euphorbiaceae, the Spurge family is a large family of flowering plants with 300 genera and about 7500 species.
Her hairstyle was imitated by millions of young women in the 1970s and early 1980s.
Historically, it is known to reach great heights and is one of the tallest tree species in the world.
The 11 MW plant, known as the PS10 solar tower, generates electricity with 624 large heliostats.
The 1998 Formula 1 season was the 49th season of the FIA ​​Formula 1 World Championship.
He then studied voice for two terms at the Royal College of Music.
Montluel is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Izumo Shrine, which is in Izumo City, honors the god.
The octant was invented -LRB- around 1730 -RRB- independently by John Hadley in Britain and Thomas Godfrey in the American colonies.
The film .
Carrier pigeons are called carrier pigeons when they are used to transmit messages.
The goal was to get the audience to care about both Batman and Bruce Wayne.
Frankish King Clovis I established Paris as his capital in 508.
L'Oie is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France.
Campandré-Valcongrain is a commune in the Calvados department of the Lower Normandy region in northwestern France.
Southampton Corporation trams ran from 1879 to 1949.
Caribert -LRB- is also spelled Charibert and Heribert -RRB-, count of Laon, son of Martin de Laon, was the maternal grandfather of Charlemagne.
In the 1040s, the Berber Zirid -LRB- governors of North Africa under the Fatimids -RRB- declared their independence from the Fatimids and their recognition of the Sunni Abbasid Caliphs of Baghdad, which led the Fatimids to launch devastating BanÅ'' Hilal invasions.
Since his international debut in June 2005, he has been capped 35 times and has currently scored 3 goals for the Danish national team.
Girls Aloud had called their record company on a Friday afternoon to say they preferred to record 'I Think We're Alone Now' - the band recorded the song the next morning and the album was mastered on Monday , three days later. .
Michael David ''Mike'' Adamle -LRB- born October 3, 1949 -RRB- is a sports personality and former National Football League player.
at this moment a white maggot emerges from the larvae, suspended by a silken thread.
These foods included but were not limited to: lemons, limes, and oranges; sauerkraut, cabbage, malt and portable soup.
In the end, Ariq Böke goes to Kublai.
In 1842 his father brought home 'good news', and while young John Lubbock initially thought it might be a new pony and was disappointed that the news was simply that Charles Darwin was moving at Down House in the village, he was soon a frequent visitor to Down House and became the closest of Darwin's younger friends.
The exception to this was heel tag team Cody Rhodes and Ted DiBiase, who tried to earn his respect. Unsuccessful until the Unforgiven pay-per-view event, the three of them, alongside new recruit Manu, assaulted World Heavyweight Champion CM Punk, costing him his title.
After joining them in 1942, his youngest son, PÃter BartÃk, enlisted in the United States Navy.
The Fulda -LRB- -RRB- is a river in Hesse, Germany.
In 2000, Raymond co-published one of the first studies on trafficking in the United States titled Sex Trafficking in the United States: Links Between International and Domestic Sex Industries.
February 6 – Swedish troops under Charles X Gustav of Sweden cross the Great Belt -LRB- Storebælt -RRB- into Denmark over the frozen sea.
Mustang is a growing suburban city in the Canadian County, Oklahoma, United States and is part of the Oklahoma City Metropolitan Statistical Area.
His life is essentially the story of his many and varied publications.
, the seventeenth season of the popular television series
-LRB- x + y -RRB- ^ n & = -LCB- n choose 0 -RCB- x ^ ny ^ 0 + -LCB- n choose 1 -RCB- x ^ -LCB- n-1 -RCB- y ^ 1 + -LCB- n choose 2 -RCB- x ^ -LCB- n-2 -RCB- y ^ 2 + -LCB- n choose 3 -RCB- x ^ -LCB- n-3 -RCB- y ^ 3 + cdots
Muse are an award-winning English rock band who formed in Teignmouth, Devon in 1994.
His father's stroke and subsequent death in 1746 interrupted his studies. Kant became a private tutor in the smaller towns surrounding KÃnigsberg, but continued his scholarly research.
The stadium is located in the Moore Park Estate, also known as Walham Green.
Accessed 7 August 2009 Golfers play on the course at Kyneton Golf Club on Black Hill Road.
Angers Sporting Club de l'Ouest -LRB- Angers SCO -RRB- is a French football club based in Angers, founded in 1919.
Beetles are the group of insects with the largest number of known species.
He also issued decrees that effectively made Christianity the official state religion of the Roman Empire.
After reading the final book, where Harry and his friends survive and have children, Radcliffe said he was happy with the ending and praised Rowling for the story's conclusion.
Pedro Calderón de la Barca y Barreda González de Henao Ruiz de Blasco y Riaño generally called Pedro Calderón de la Barca -LRB- January 17, 1600 & ndash; May 25, 1681 -RRB-, was a Roman Catholic priest, writer, poet and playwright of the Spanish Golden Age.
May-sur-Orne is a commune in the Calvados department of the Lower Normandy region in northern France.
Balfour-Melville Secondary, EW M, Edward III and David II, 1954.
After taking up the guitar, Shearston learned a repertoire of English, American and Australian folk songs and at the age of 19 became a professional singer.
Views on suicide have been influenced by broader cultural views on existential themes such as religion, honor and the meaning of life.
Noble gases were previously known as inert gases due to their perceived lack of participation in any chemical reaction.
Leda belongs to the Himalia group, five moons orbiting between 11 and 13 Gm from Jupiter at an inclination of about 27.5°.
Current teaching and research activities in neuroscience can be very roughly classified into the following major branches, depending on the subject and scale of the system under consideration as well as distinct experimental or curricular approaches.
Rice was the first black woman, the second African American -LRB- after her predecessor Colin Powell, who served from 2001 to 2005 -RRB-, and the second woman -LRB- after Madeleine Albright, who served from 1997 to 2001 in the Clinton administration. -RRB- as Secretary of State.
History The hertz is named after the German physicist Heinrich Hertz, who made important scientific contributions to electromagnetism.
A potluck is a gathering of people where each person or group of people brings a dish of food to share among the group.
the Republic of Ireland, also known -LRB- informally -RRB- as the "Republic";
They are members of the Pacific Division of the Western Conference of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB-.
Phil of the Future was an American sitcom originally broadcast on the Disney Channel from June 18, 2004 to August 19, 2006 for a total of two seasons.
A two-dimensional spiral can be most easily described using polar coordinates, where the radius r is a continuous monotonic function of the angle Î.
Therefore, formal language theory is a major application area of ​​computability theory and complexity theory.
General classification -LRB- 1940 , 1947 , 1949 , 1952 , 1953 -RRB-
The Hershey-Chase experiments were a series of experiments conducted in 1952 by Alfred Hershey and Martha Chase, confirming that DNA was the genetic material, which was first demonstrated in the 1944 Avery-MacLeod-McCarty experiment .
It is the only member of the monotypic genus Bubulcus, although some authorities consider its two subspecies to be full species, the Western Cattle Egret and the Eastern Cattle Egret.
At the time, Mishin was also coaching another rising teenage star, Alexei Yagudin, who won the 1998 world championships.
Augustine of Hippo in his commentary on the Sermon on the Mount supported the Moses parallel, arguing that this symbolism showed Jesus as completing the precepts of Moses, although in Augustine's later writings, such as the Response to Faustus, he cautiously backs away from this view.
The second named storm of the 2007 Atlantic hurricane season, Barry developed from a low-pressure trough in the southeastern Gulf of Mexico on June 1.
Although well known in America as a pianist, ethnomusicologist, and teacher, he was not widely known as a composer, and there was little interest in his music during his later years.
Patrick Stephan Kluivert was born on July 1, 1976 in Amsterdam, the Netherlands.
Paul Freier -LRB- born July 26, 1979 in Bytom -RRB- is a German footballer playing as a midfielder for VfL Bochum, usually employed on the right wing.
The Turi Pashtuns and Dari speaking people of Kizilbash practice the Shia form of Islam.
It is found in Namibia, South Africa and possibly Angola.
Death Klein died in New York on July 4, 2009 of Alzheimer's disease.
Tiananmen Square -LRB-, -RRB- is a large city square in the center of Beijing, China, named after the Tiananmen Gate -LRB- literally, Gate of Heavenly Peace -RRB- located to the north, separating it from the Forgotten City.
This article lists and discusses the use and derivation of large number names, as well as their possible extensions.
Marek Heinz -LRB- born August 4, 1977 in Olomouc, Czechoslovakia -RRB- is a Czech soccer striker who plays for the Hungarian team FerencvÃrosi TC.
SportsCenter is a daily sports news television program and the flagship program of American cable network ESPN since the network's launch on September 7, 1979.
The original habitats of the raccoon are the deciduous and mixed forests of North America, but due to their adaptability, they have extended their range to mountainous areas, coastal marshes and urban areas, where many owners regard them as pests.
They are short, tight shorts, usually made of cotton, nylon, or another common material.
Badgers are notoriously fearless and tough animals, known to savagely attack their enemies when escape is impossible.
American Idiot is the seventh studio album by American punk rock band Green Day.
The spleen, in healthy adult humans, has an approximate length.
As a team owner, he became a member of the Formula One Constructors Association.
To celebrate the opening of Hong Kong Disneyland, The Walt Disney Company released the album Hong Kong Disneyland - The Grand Opening Celebration -LRB- é æ è å # '' å 1\/4 æ å ' é -- å ç å å ç cents -RRB- and invited Kellyjackie and Kelly Chen to perform the song He invites me to Disneyland, which led to the advent of the duet version of the song.
September 16 & ndash; Elizabeth de Clare, English noblewoman -LRB- d. 1360 -RRB-
Kuala Lumpur is the seat of the Parliament of Malaysia.
Bonnemaison is a commune in the Calvados department in the Lower Normandy region in northwestern France.
Roberto Lopes de Miranda, better known as Roberto -LRB- born in São Gonçalo, State of Rio de Janeiro, July 31, 1944 -RRB- was a former Brazilian footballer in the role of striker.
Benay is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France.
BMI can be used to determine if a person is overweight.
It borders Paraguay and Bolivia to the north, Brazil and Uruguay to the northeast, and Chile to the west and south.
Arawa Kimura -LRB- July 8, 1931 - February 21, 2007 -RRB- was a Japanese football player.
At the 2009 Electronic Entertainment Expo, Square Enix unveiled Final Fantasy XIV Online, which will be Square Enix's next MMORPG.
Ashley Cole -LRB- born December 20, 1980 -RRB- is an English professional footballer who plays for Chelsea and the England national team.
Kornberg received his bachelor's degree in chemistry from Harvard University in 1967 and his doctorate in chemical physics from Stanford in 1972.
In Helianthus annuus, what is usually called the flower is in fact a flower head -LRB- formally composed flower -RRB- of many florets -LRB- small flowers -RRB- tightly packed together.
Blog data space.
Eurytides is a genus of butterflies in the family Papilionidae, found in North, Central and South America.
Lawler is a city in Chickasaw County, Iowa, United States.
Estrella Mountain Community College, Avondale
In March 2007, the UN mission accused the Sudanese government of orchestrating and participating in "gross violations" in Darfur and called for urgent international action to protect civilians there.
The idea came from Wikipedia's Reward Board, where interested parties offered cash rewards or gifts for creating or improving Wikipedia articles.
Diatoms are a major group of algae, and are one of the most common types of phytoplankton.
In 1620 the clergyman Edmund Gunter developed a method of accurately surveying land with low-tech equipment, using what became known as Gunter's Range; it was 66 feet long and from the practice of using its string the word was transferred to the actual unit of measurement. Its chain had 100 links, and the link is used as a subdivision of the chain as a unit of length.
The Greek physician Hippocrates is sometimes said to be the father of epidemiology. He is the first known person to have examined the relationships between the occurrence of disease and environmental influences.
The event was established in 2005, with its inaugural event produced in January of that year.
A sequel to this game, PQ2: Practical Intelligence Quotient 2, was released.
"I'm speechless," Ertl told The Associated Press from his office in Berlin.
Alison Louise Balsom -LRB- born October 7, 1978, Hertfordshire -RRB- is an English solo trumpeter.
The Guaraní alphabet -LRB- achegety -RRB- is a phonetic system used to write the Guaraní language, spoken mainly in Paraguay and neighboring countries.
There are no known preventative measures for type 1 diabetes, which is responsible for approximately 10% of diabetes mellitus cases in North America and Europe.
After escaping, Eragon telepathically contacts the unconscious elf and discovers her name is Arya.
Ornamental gardens have existed since ancient Egypt, when the wealthy used them to relax in the shade of trees.
Gameplay The Wii version will improve upon the original with refined Wii Remote and Nunchuk controls.
In 2005 there were 29 MPs in the Cooperative Parliamentary Group, 9 Members of the Scottish Parliament, 4 Members of the Welsh Assembly and 11 Members of the House of Lords, as well as over 700 local councillors.
The result was often a merger of the two into one ''district'' -LRB- eg Rotorua -RRB- or a renaming to ''district'' -LRB- eg Waimairi -RRB- or ''city'' -LRB - e.g. Manukau -RRB-.
From 1949 to 1972, the Territory of Papua New Guinea was part of Australia, remaining so until the independence of the country of Papua New Guinea.
Millionaires is a three-girl pop-electronic band from Los Angeles, California.
CernÄteÅti is a municipality in Dolj County, Romania, with a population of 2,100 people.
De Valera's opponents won the elections and civil war broke out soon after in late June 1922.
Overview All visitors to the site, including anonymous users, are part of the '*' group, while all logged-in users are also part of the `user' group.
This synthetic element is part of the so-called super-heavy atoms and was synthesized for the first time in 1994.
The Federal Ministry of the Interior -LRB- in German, Bundesministerium des Innern or BMI -RRB- is a ministry of the German Federal Government.
Stora Enso Oyj -LRB- -RRB- is a Finn & ndash; Swedish pulp and paper manufacturer, formed by the 1998 merger of Swedish mining and forest products company Stora and Finnish forest products company Enso-Gutzeit Oy.
Ennead -LRB- Greek, meaning the nine -RRB-, an ancient Greek translation of the Egyptian word, Pesedjet, consists of a grouping of nine deities, most often appearing in the context of Egyptian mythology.
Podobnik says that “the vast majority of groups participating in these protests rely on international support networks and generally call for forms of globalization that strengthen democratic representation, human rights and egalitarianism.
Roethlisberger led the Steelers to a second Super Bowl title in four seasons as they beat the Arizona Cardinals in Super Bowl XLIII, 27-23, after completing a game-winning touchdown pass to Santonio Holmes in the last 35 seconds.
The school has a swimming pool, tennis court, renovated gymnasium and two soft-surface playgrounds – a football pitch and a basketball court.
April 14 & ndash; Laying of the first stone of the Cathedral of Saint-Pierre and Saint-Paul in Nantes, France.
Károlyi, Otto-LRB-/O1965/O-RRB-, Introducing Music, p. 63 .
History The county was formed in 1764 from parts of Bladen County and New Hanover County.
Glauchau is a city in Germany, in Saxony, on the right bank of the Mulde, 11 kilometers north of Zwickau and 27 kilometers west of Chemnitz by rail.
Prior to Heinz -LRB- and his fellow innovators -RRB-, commercial ketchups of this era were runny and thin, in part due to the use of unripe tomatoes, which were low in pectin.
Stone Age Queens - ''Nobody Knows''
In addition to elementary functions over numbers, functions include maps between algebraic structures like groups and maps between geometric objects like varieties.
It has an area of ​​19,069 km2 and has a population of 1,035,418.
The lyrics originate from a poem by diplomat Cecil Spring-Rice which he wrote in 1908 while posted to the British Embassy in Stockholm.
February 22 & ndash; White Rose members are executed in Nazi Germany.
Station Murrurundi station is located on the Main North railway line, 352 km from Sydney.
Les Aglisottes-et-Chalaures is a commune in the Gironde department in southwestern France.
The first known library of its kind to assemble a serious collection of books beyond the borders of its country, the Library of Alexandria was responsible for collecting all the knowledge of the world.
Fay finally went extratropical on the morning of August 27 while over Tennessee.
''Fixing a Hole'' is a song primarily written by Paul McCartney -LRB- credited to Lennon\/McCartney -RRB- and performed by The Beatles on the 1967 album Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band.
He has been nominated for three national awards: the Maxwell Award -LRB- a college football player of the year award -RRB-, the Walter Camp Award and the Doak Walker Award -LRB- nation's top running back -RRB- .
However, the biggest divisions in Christianity today are between Eastern Orthodoxy, Catholicism, and various denominations formed during and after the Protestant Reformation.
Hunter passed examinations and qualified for promotion to lieutenant in February 1760.
The bridge replaced a centuries-old ferry service to carry vehicles, cyclists and pedestrians across the Forth; crossings are made by the adjacent and historic Forth Bridge.
The Polans -LRB- also called Polanes, Polanians or Polians; -RRB- was a West Slavic tribe inhabiting the Warta River basin.
Radicals can refer to two things in music, related to musical notation and production.
The Atlas, which first flew in 1957, was the first successful ICBM -LRB- Intercontinental Ballistic Missile -RRB- in the United States.
Over the next few months, four films featuring Monroe were released.
This is a list of rivers in Antarctica.
Avery County is a county located in the US state of North Carolina.
March 1st & ndash; The Continental United States Congress implements the Articles of Confederation, forming its Perpetual Union as the United States Assembly in Congress.
In February 2003, the DEA established a Digital Evidence Lab within its Office of Forensic Science.
In addition to the developments mentioned above , two council estates have been built in the town -- one around Cants Lane , to the north east of the town , and the area around Denham Road to the west , both of course adding to the ever-growing population. from the city .
The agreement is for seven years with a five year option which would guarantee the race to be held until 2021 .
Saltwater crocodiles live in the mangroves and salt marshes on the coast near the reef.
Elected Secretary General, the supreme post of the UN, in 1991, the mandate of Boutros-Ghali remains controversial.
Historically, the Jura belonged to the Free County of Burgundy, known in French as Franche-Comté.
After escaping slavery, into which she was born, she completed thirteen missions to rescue over 70 slaves using the network of anti-slavery activists and safe havens known as the Underground Railroad.
Courtemont-Varennes is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France.
The lorem ipsum text is usually a section of a Latin text by Cicero with words changed, added, and deleted that make it absurd in meaning and not in proper Latin.
Darryl Gudmundson & Andres Tardio -LRB- March 24, 2007 -RRB- .
JosÃ Miguel GonzÃlez Rey, alias Josemi -LRB- born November 15, 1979 -RRB-, is a Spanish footballer who plays for Iraklis Thessaloniki FC in the Greek first division.
It became Silverado in 1985 and a breakout role for Costner.
Livy's History of Rome: Book 9 Biography, though popular throughout antiquity, was introduced as a branch of history by the works of Plutarch -LRB- c. 46 - 127 -RRB- and Suetonius -LRB- c. 69-after 130 -RRB- which describes the acts and gestures of ancient personalities, emphasizing their human side.
Events of 1800 The world population was approaching 1 billion people, at 978 million.
Powell's Eton memoir appeared under the title of The Wat 'ry Glade.
Oman -LRB- -RRB-, officially the Sultanate of Oman -LRB- -RRB-, is an Arab country in Southwest Asia on the southeastern coast of the Arabian Peninsula.
There is no standard for pseudocode syntax, because a pseudocode program is not an executable program.
A ridge is an elongated region of relatively high atmospheric pressure, opposite a trough.
At 100°C -LRB- 373.65 K, 212 F saturated sodium chloride brine -RRB- contains 39.12% salt by weight, i.e. 39.12 g of salt dissolve in 100 ml of water at 100°C. At 0 C -LRB- 273.15 K, 32 F -RRB- brine can only contain 35.70% salt.
A Celebration of Ives: Papers and Panel from the Charles Ives Centennial Festival-Conference.
Earthsea became the setting for six more books, beginning with A Wizard of Earthsea, first published in 1968, and continuing with The Tombs of Atuan, The Farthest Shore, Tehanu, Tales from Earthsea, and The Other Wind.
Publius Cornelius Scipio Africanus also known as Scipio Africanus, Scipio the Elder and Africanus the Elder -LRB- 235 - 183 BC -RRB- was a Second Punic War general and statesman of the Roman Republic .
The passenger ship SS Yongala sank off Cape Bowling Green, Queensland, Australia on March 23, 1911. En route from Melbourne to Cairns, she steamed into a cyclone and sank south of Townsville.
He beat Matt Bentley in his first match, and over the next few weeks Kozlov won a series of squash matches, first against local talent and then established names such as Colin Delaney, Funaki, Nunzio, Shannon Moore, Jimmy Wang Yang, Jamie Noble. , and Dominoes .
1236 – The Lithuanians and Semigallians defeat the Livonian Sword-Brothers at the Battle of Willow.
Souligné-Flacé is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays-de-la-Loire region in northwestern France.
The club won two Libyan Premier League titles during a successful spell in the late 1990s.
He also saw fit to appoint a major general to command this expanding force and on August 11 a new commander, Major General Reade Godwin-Austen reached Berbera.
The weight of the car is balanced by a counterweight.
The rise of a hero -LRB-/O2005/O-RRB-
It is a school in one of Emmanuel College's teaching campuses.
Cugy
He was also Principal Conductor of the Houston Symphony Orchestra from 1961 to 1967, and guest conductor of many other orchestras, including the BBC Symphony Orchestra, London Symphony Orchestra, Philharmonic, the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra and the Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra, making recordings with all these orchestras. .
Munich Oktoberfest traditionally takes place for the sixteen days up to and including the first Sunday in October.
Sadie, Jojo, and the rest of the band hear it, and the police allow them to go up to the roof to accompany him with their voices and instruments.
Every editable page on Wikipedia has an associated page history -LRB- sometimes called revision history or edit history -RRB-, which is accessed by clicking on the 'history' tab at the top of the page.
In 1998, he won the Danish Under-19 Player of the Year award.
The Atlas family of rockets is used today as a launch platform for commercial and military satellites and other space vehicles.
Fukushima Prefecture is a prefecture of Japan located in the TÅ hoku region on the island of HonshÅ''.
-LRB- discovery -RRB- In 1983 it was officially named after the mythological Métis, a Titaness who was the first wife of Zeus -LRB- the Greek equivalent of Jupiter -RRB- .
Although the term ''pistol'' can be properly used to describe any handgun, it is common to refer to a single-shot or self-loading handgun as a ''pistol'' and a revolver as a revolver '' .
The Plain English Campaign -LRB- PEC -RRB- is a UK-based business publishing and training company.
A fire extinguisher is an active fire protection device used to extinguish or control small fires, often in emergency situations.
The development of agricultural techniques has steadily increased agricultural productivity, and the widespread diffusion of these techniques over a period of time is often referred to as an agricultural revolution.
! ''
Moored brownfields are properties that owners are unwilling to transfer or reuse productively.
Increase contributions to sustainability Forestle saves 0.1 square meter -LRB- approximately 0.1 square meter -RRB- of rainforest per research event.
Carlos Alberto Gomes Parreira -LRB- born February 27, 1943 in Rio de Janeiro -RRB- is a Brazilian football coach.
Averdoingt is a commune in the department of Pas-de-Calais in northern France.
Sonny with a Chance is a Disney Channel comedy television series, created by Steve Marmel, which follows the experiences of teenager Sonny Munroe, played by Demi Lovato, who becomes the newest cast member accepted into his favorite live-action comedy show, SoRandom!
Fortel-en-Artois is a French commune in the department of Pas-de-Calais in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region.
The name was originally suggested by Camille Flammarion Prior to 1975, Amalthea was more commonly known as .
Wildhaus is a municipality in the Wahlkreis -LRB- -RRB- district of Toggenburg in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.
Responsorial prayers are a series of requests read or sung by a leader with responses made by the congregation.
It is bounded by the state of Meghalaya in India to the north, the state of Tripura to the south, the state of Assam in India to the east, and the divisions of Dhaka and Chittagong to the west.
, which led to the construction of workhouses despite riots and arson.
It also strongly suggests that Interamnia is large enough to have fully withstood all collisions that have occurred in the asteroid belt since the formation of the solar system.
Performing arts are those art forms that differ from plastic arts in that the former uses the body, face and presence of the performer as a medium, and the latter uses materials such as clay, metal or paint that can be molded. or transformed to create a physical art object.
He used planes of color and small brushstrokes that accumulate to form complex fields, both a direct expression of the sensations of the observing eye and an abstraction of observed nature.
Green development
He was drafted into the Red Army in January 1943 to fight in World War II, as part of the 3rd Ukrainian Front, and took part in the Vienna Offensive.
Ariel Rubinstein -LRB- Hebrew: -RRB- -LRB- born April 13, 1951 -RRB- is an Israeli economist who works in game theory.
Strasbourg -LRB-; Lower Alsatian: Strossburi,; , -RRB- is the capital and main city of the Alsace region in northeastern France.
Thus many soldiers were massacred or drowned.
2003 & ndash; Illinois Governor George Ryan commutes the death sentences of 167 prisoners on Illinois death row based on the Jon Burge scandal.
The last remaining players from the Original Six -LRB- era before the Expansion -RRB- era, -LRB- Carol Vadnais, Serge Savard and Wayne Cashman -RRB- all retired after this season.
Mayr is generally credited with inventing the modern philosophy of biology, especially evolutionary biology, which he distinguishes from physics because of its introduction of -LRB-natural history -RRB- into science.
Frankie Muniz as Domino
The Pontifical and Royal University of Santo Tomas, The Catholic University of the Philippines -LRB- colloquially UST or ''UstÃ''. Filipino: Unibersidad ng Santo Tomas -RRB-, is a private Roman Catholic university run by the Order of Preachers in Manila.
Accessed November 26, 2009.
It is Wikipedia's 'lexical companion', and the two are often linked together.
The Grand Duchy of Hesse and by the Rhine -LRB- German: Großherzogtum Hessen und bei Rhein -RRB-, or, between 1806 and 1816, Grand Duchy of Hesse -LRB- -RRB- -- as it was also known after 1816 -- was a member state of the German Confederation from 1806, when the Landgraviate of Hesse-Darmstadt was elevated to the rank of Grand Duchy, until 1918, when all German monarchies were overthrown.
The king enters, with the high priest, Ramfis, and the whole court of the palace.
The 2007–08 NHL season was the National Hockey League's 90th season.
''Boys'', by Robots in Disguise from Robots in Disguise
As of November 1, 2006, the United States held 16.4% of the total vote, Japan 7.9%, Germany 4.5%, and France and the United Kingdom 4.3% each.
In 1883 Pulitzer, then a wealthy man, bought the New York World, a newspaper that was losing $40,000 a year, for $346,000 from Jay Gould.
The First Council of Nicaea was a council of Christian bishops convened at Nicaea in Bithynia -LRB- now znik in Turkey -RRB- by Roman Emperor Constantine I in 325 AD.
In the suspension of a car or other vehicle, rubber bushings are used to connect the various moving arms and pivot points to the frame and other parts of the suspension.
Rainn Dietrich Wilson -LRB- born January 20, 1966 -RRB- is an American actor and comedian.
Gaillardia -LRB- -RRB-, Sunset Western Garden Book, 1995:606-607 the Blanket flowers, is a genus of drought-tolerant annual and perennial plants in the sunflower family -LRB- Asteraceae -RRB-, native to North America .
Founded in 1836, the university initially consisted of only two colleges: University College London, which previously had no official status and did not apply religious tests to its students, and King's College, which had been chartered since 1829 and admitted only members of the Church of England.
Plano is a city in Kendall County, Illinois, United States and is a southwestern suburb of Chicago.
Bran Castle, located near Bran and in close proximity to BraÅ ov, is a national monument and landmark in Romania.
It is named after Umberto Dall `Olmo -LRB- 1925 -- 1980 -RRB-, who was an amateur astronomer with degrees in law and physics, who mainly observed Jupiter and studied flare stars with Rosino.
The undisputed symbol of the city is Lenzburg Castle, built in the 11th century and extended several times since.
While Triple H was in the pin, Orton landed Triple H in the head and pinned Cena to win the match and retain the WWE Championship.
The Kingpin -LRB- Wilson Fisk -RRB- is a fictional character, a supervillain in the .
Young wanted to lead his own force and after an unsuccessful bid -LRB- for the post of Chief Constable of the Isle of Wight Constabulary -RRB-, he became Acting Chief Constable of Leamington Spa Borough Police in September 1938 , aged 31 , earning Â # 500 a year .
Manaus is a city in Brazil, the capital of the state of Amazonas.
The franchise also enjoyed strong popularity; from 1977 to 1995, the team sold out 814 consecutive home games, the longest such streak in American professional sports.
Euston Square is a London Underground station located on the corner of Euston Road and Gower Street, just north of University College London -LRB-, not to be confused with the nearby underground station on the Northern and Victoria lines - RRB-.
In the study of the phenomena of transport -LRB- heat transfer, mass transfer and fluid dynamics -RRB- , flux is defined as the quantity that passes through a unit area per unit time Flux in this definition is a vector .
The Phoenix -LRB- MSA -RRB- -LRB- Metropolitan Statistical Area officially known as Phoenix-Mesa-Scottsdale MSA -RRB-, is the 12th largest in the United States, with a total population of 4,281,899 from the July 2008 update. of the 2000 U.S. Census.
These are the formats and track listings of the major single releases of ''Work''.
Fuhua Secondary School is a secondary school in Jurong West, Singapore.
The album was a huge commercial success, selling over 10 million units in the United States alone in 2010 and peaking at number two on the Billboard 200 while reaching high positions in other charts around the world, despite mixed reviews from publications.
Haboob winds in the Arabian Peninsula, Iraq and Kuwait are frequently created by the collapse of a thunderstorm.
He is co-author of Irreducible Mind -LRB-/O2007/O-RRB- and co-editor of The Handbook of Near-Death Experiences -LRB-/O2009/O-RRB-.
Mussaurus -LRB- meaning ''mouse lizard'' -RRB- was a genus of herbivorous prosauropod dinosaur that lived in southern Argentina during the Upper Triassic Period, approximately 215 million years ago.
Northern Ireland is made up of six counties: Antrim, Armagh, Down, Fermanagh, Londonderry and Tyrone.
The province of Benevento is a province of the Campania region in Italy.
While publishing in literary journals and newspapers, he worked for Austrian radio and television.
The first public demonstration took place on October 8 , 1905 , but Nessler had been working on the idea since 1896 .
Daniel Cudmore as Peter Rasputin / Colossus: He can turn his skin into organic steel, granting superhuman strength and resistance to damage and temperature.
Voulpaix is ​​a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France.
Francesco Petrarca -LRB- July 20, 1304 – July 19, 1374 -RRB-, known in English as Petrarch, was an Italian scholar, poet, and one of the first Renaissance humanists.
The company is a wholly owned subsidiary of Digital Telecommunications Philippines, or Digitel.
Compared to red miso, white miso has a very short steeping time.
Monpezat is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in southwestern France.
Google caching.
image_map = Tulcea_in_Romania.
It is located in the southeastern part of the province, bordering the Rawalpindi district of the Punjab province -LRB- the Murree Hills region -RRB-.
It was given the temporary designation '.
Dammard is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France.
According to the Potsdam Agreement, the Soviet Military Administration in Germany -LRB- German initials: SMAD -RRB- was given responsibility for the eastern part -LRB- today -RRB- of Germany.
Westminster contains many of London's most famous sites. Some of the popular tourist sites are Buckingham Palace, the Palace of Westminster -LRB- the Houses of Parliament -RRB- and Big Ben and nearby Westminster Abbey.
Hektor is, so far, the only known binary Trojan asteroid in point and the first Trojan with a satellite companion.
The Cyclades are one of the fifty-one prefectures of Greece.
The content control software determines what content will be available.
Nine people have been confirmed dead, and many more are dead among the 66 missing.
He played on every album and single from their debut, 1964's 'Zoot Suit', to 1978's Who Are You, released three weeks before his death.
Bruno de Querfurt and others attempt to establish a mission among the Prussians.
In the beginning, these readings focused mainly on the physical health of the individual -LRB- physical readings -RRB-; later readings on past lives, business advice, dream interpretation, and mental or spiritual health were also given.
Hamilton pulled alongside the Ferrari and as Massa ran wide into the corner, Hamilton gestured past him.
The Wall Street Journal reported that there were tensions surrounding the 2000 transition of authority from Bill Gates to Ballmer.
Between 1966 and 1968, she published three critically acclaimed novels: The Cat Who Could Read Upside Down, The Cat Who Ate Modern Danish and The Cat Who Turned On and Off.
It is also an important center for maritime industries and maritime trade in Europe.
The most important of them are Vlax Romani -LRB- about 900,000 speakers -RRB- , Balkan Romani -LRB- 700,000 -RRB- , Carpathian Romani -LRB- 500,000 -RRB- and Sinti Romani -LRB- 300,000 -RRB- .
Christopher Boehm -LRB- 1999 -RRB- ''Hierarchy in the Forest: The Evolution of Egalitarian Behavior'' page 198 Harvard University press Leften Stavros Stavrianos -LRB- 1991 -RRB- .
The operating systems on which the daemons can run without emulation; also supports event dispatching features for network sockets -LRB- see IRCd for more info -RRB- .
Additional settings for this model are available at .
After the age of Sangam, most of present Tamil Nadu -LRB- and with it Madurai -RRB- came under Kalabhra rule. Kalabhras remained in control of Madurai until the middle of the 6th century CE.
Last Monday In the United States, Memorial Day, a public holiday, is May 30, but observed on the last Monday in May.
The Delhi Sultanate begins.
The atmospheric pressure on the surface of the planet is 92 times that of Earth.
Courmes is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France.
They are often used in a geographic frame of reference, and as such are sometimes referred to as geographic counties.
His ball average over the seven US Opens was in a different class than his opponents.
Saxe-Coburg-Gotha was the only European country to appoint a diplomatic consul to the Confederate States of America during the American Civil War.
Subdivisions The Union Council is subdivided into the following regions: Cantonment, Qasba Abbottabad, Sheikhul bandi and Rakh Civil MilitaryDistrict Government of Abbottabad.
In a scalene triangle, all sides are unequal.
It is mentioned in the Palermo Stone inscriptions along with a small number of Lower Egyptian kings.
In one instance, he snuck into Ramallah under cover of night to give a piano recital, after the Israeli government told him they wouldn't allow him to go because the conditions were too dangerous. .
John G. ''Johnny'' Weir -LRB- born July 2, 1984 in Coatesville, Pennsylvania -RRB- is an American figure skater.
Directed by Catherine Hardwicke, the film stars Kristen Stewart and Robert Pattinson.
The name comes from ', the Latin word for milk, plus the ending -ose used to name sugars.
Gerpinnes is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
He and the queen have three children: Philippe Léopold Louis Marie, Duke of Brabant -LRB- born April 15, 1960 -RRB-.
Queer Duck: The Movie was released on DVD in 2006.
The island is also known as Isla Chiquita -LRB- Little Island -RRB- and Última Virgen -LRB- Last Virgin -RRB-.
Saint-André-de-Cubzac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France.
This is a more concise and dialogic version of the CCC.
The calvados appellation system was revised in 1984 and 1996 .
Lucy Ware Webb Hayes -LRB- August 28, 1831 June 25, 1889 -RRB- was the First Lady of the United States and wife of President Rutherford B. Hayes.
Elizabeth Hawthorne, who played Queen Omphale, later starred as Hercules' mother in the television series.
A bottle cap is usually brightly decorated with the beverage brand's logo.
__ NOTOC __
ISBN: 0904766535 pg 84 He is also known as the King in the North.
Marcelo Gonçalves Costa Lopes, generally known simply as Gonçalves -LRB- born February 22, 1966 in Rio de Janeiro, State of Rio de Janeiro -RRB- is a Brazilian central defender of football -LRB- soccer -RRB- revealed by Flamengo in 1987.
This has been historically disputed by Karaites who hold that only the written Torah has been revealed, and in modern times liberal movements such as Humanistic Judaism may be non-theistic.
Most of the C-in-C personnel were based at the headquarters, which was located in New Delhi.
Java Emitter Templates, a template engine that is part of the Eclipse EMF project
The Mark 3 body was also the basis for the Class 318, Class 455 and Class 150 diesel.
Lawless appeared as D'Anna Biers, a Fleet News Service reporter who worked on a critical documentary about Galactica's crew and was later revealed to be a Cylon -LRB- Number Three -RRB-.
A rare transition metal from the platinum group of the periodic table, ruthenium is associated with platinum ores and used as a catalyst in some platinum alloys.
BlÃquin is a commune in the department of Pas-de-Calais in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in France.
Their first album, Boy, was released in 1980.
In 1956, Hackman decided to become an actor; he joined the Pasadena Playhouse in California.
Roquefort-des-Corbières is a commune in the Aude department in southern France.
Normally, for correct sorting, dates should be entered in the format YYYY-MM-DD.
In 1985, America's first dedicated pay-per-view cable channels, Viewer's Choice, Cable Video Store and Request TV began operating within days of each other.
Alexain is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France.
Illiat is a commune in the department of Ain in eastern France.
Henry Legarde
The bottom of the pizza, called the "crust", can vary widely depending on the style: thin as in a typical hand-tossed pizza or romaine pizza, or thick as in a typical skillet pizza or Chicago-style pizza.
This prize is administered by the Nobel Foundation and awarded by a Nobel committee composed of five members elected by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences.
However, for historical reasons, the districts of the cantons of Graubünden and Schwyz are their own legal entities competent in tax matters and often have their own Landsgemeinde.
Belleville is home to the Belleville Bulls of the Ontario Hockey League.
Overview When all the fire in the land begins to go out, Hercules and Deianeira must go in search of fire to stop the world from cold.
Sometimes the orbiter itself is called the space shuttle. Technically, this is a slight misnomer, because the real ''Space Transport System'' -LRB- Space Shuttle -RRB- is the combination of the orbiter, the external tank and the two rocket boosters solid.
Shpilband was born in Moscow and defected to the United States in January 1990.
A lady-in-waiting is often a noble woman from a family highly valued in good society, but generally of a lower rank -LRB- that is to say less noble -RRB- than the one from which she belongs. occupies, she is not considered a servant.
Worldwide, gluten is an important source of nutritional protein, both in foods prepared directly from sources that contain it and as an additive to otherwise low-protein foods.
It is the fifth largest country in the world, both by geographical area and by population.
Witzel, Michael, ''Vedas and'', in: The generally accepted historical chronology of the Vedas ranks the Rig Veda as the first, followed by the Yajur Veda, the Sama Veda and finally the Atharva Veda.
The posthumous names of Japanese emperors are called teig -LRB-, lit.
It was named after the Miskóc clan and was first mentioned by this name around 1210 .
It is particularly common in the Indus Valley.
A total of three cassette compilations were released through the fanzine.
The endorsement test proposed by U.S. Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O'Connor in Lynch v. Donnelly in 1984 asks whether a particular government action amounts to endorsement of religion, thus violating the clause establishment of the First Amendment.
This is a list of characters appearing in the Pirates of the Caribbean film series.
However, operations 1 and 2 do not depend on any other operation, so they can be calculated simultaneously.
1993 & ndash; Russian constitutional crisis: In Moscow, tanks bombard the White House, a government building which housed the Russian parliament, while demonstrators against President Boris Yeltsin gather outside.
Notre-Dame-de-Courson is a commune in the Calvados department in the Lower Normandy region in northern France.
Belleydoux is a commune in the department of Ain in eastern France.
The Magister Artium, Magister in Artibus or Master of Arts is a university degree of medieval origin which later acquired different characteristics in different universities and in different educational systems.
The laryngeal prominence is usually greater in adult males than in females or prepubertal children.
Le Pin is a commune in the Calvados department of the Lower Normandy region in northwestern France.
Heuringhem is a French commune in the department of Pas-de-Calais in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region.
David Benjamin James -LRB- born August 1, 1970 in Welwyn Garden City, Hertfordshire -RRB- is a Dominican-born English professional goalkeeper who currently plays for English Premier League club Portsmouth and the England national team. England.
There are three named craters on the surface of Puck, the largest being approximately 45 km in diameter.
Cantonal portal Campo Blenio was a municipality in the district of Blenio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
There, in December of the same year, Hannibal had the opportunity to display his superior military skills at Trebia; after exhausting the excellent Roman infantry, he tore them to pieces with a surprise attack from an ambush in the flank.
Glen's MySpace site with a blog, photos and information on upcoming tour dates.
Besides chimpanzees, primates inhabiting Gombe Stream include olive beachcomber baboons, red-tailed monkeys, and vervet monkeys.
Plot Napoleon Dynamite is a clumsy high school student who lives with his grandmother, his older brother Kip, and their pet llama, Tina.
There were many ways people had died.
The accompanying video was recorded and produced by M Industries.
Natalia Marisa Oreiro Iglesias -LRB- born May 19, 1977 in Montevideo, Uruguay -RRB- is a Latin Grammy nominated Uruguayan singer and actress of Galician origin, who has developed most of her career in Argentina.
He is currently under contract with World Wrestling Entertainment, where he wrestles for the Raw brand as Skip Sheffield, but is currently inactive due to injury.
The observatory is located on the Gold Coast, Queensland in Reedy Creek, Queensland, a suburb with postcode 4228 and located at .
It is located in the Walloon Region and the Province of Liège.
Miami Heat -LRB- 1996 -- 2001 -RRB-
Martorell was a chivalrous man and suffered an early death due to court intrigue, leading to a colleague, Martà Joan de Galba, finishing the novel.
Carlos Vicente Tenorio Medina -LRB- born May 14, 1979 -RRB- is an Ecuadorian footballer who plays for the Emirati club Al-Nasr.
He is a central defender and currently plays for J-League team Urawa Red Diamonds.
Shrimps are Decapods, belonging to the suborder Dendrobranchiata.
In cartilaginous and ray-finned fishes, the spleen is normally a somewhat elongated organ, composed mostly of red pulp, with only a small amount of white pulp.
It is on the border with Baden-Württemberg in Germany, and halfway between Opfertshofen, Switzerland and Büsslingen, Germany, on the Swiss Hauptstrasse from Thayngen to Büsslingen.
It's On -LRB- Dr. Dre -RRB- 187um Killa is an EP by rapper Eazy-E released in 1993.
It was approximately 45 meters -LRB- 135 feet -RRB- in height, and each of the four sides was adorned with sculptural reliefs created by each of the four Greek sculptors - Leochares, Bryaxis, Scopas of Paros and Timotheus.
Turgenev occasionally visited England, and in 1879 he was awarded the honorary degree of Doctor of Civil Laws by the University of Oxford.
''Summertime'' -LRB- The Maybe?
''meme'' at The American Heritage Dictionary of the English Language: Fourth Edition, 2000 Proponents of the concept view memes as cultural analogues of genes, in that they are self-replicating and respond to selective pressures.
In English, most non-technical usages of superiors are archaic.
In the United States, a CFL has a higher purchase price than an incandescent lamp, but can save more than US$40 in electricity costs over the life of the lamp.
Sebastian Vettel took his place in the United States Grand Prix, finishing in 8th place and becoming the youngest driver to score a point in the Formula One World Championship.
History The region is very rich in archaeological remains due to its strategic location.
The brand then expanded to the United States under an Americanized version of the name: Dannon.
As people age, some lose this ability to adjust focus.
The zoo is set in a natural bush environment where paths meander through different habitat areas featuring wallabies, wombats, dingoes, kangaroos and over 200 varieties of native birds.
The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are respectively reserved to the States or to the people.
Contemporary skepticism -LRB- or skepticism -RRB- is loosely used to refer to any attitude of questioning, See R. H. Popkin, The History of Skepticism from Erasmus to Descartes -LRB- rev. ed.
He was capped by Italy 44 times, scoring two goals for the Italian national team, and played for them in Euro 1996 and the 1998 World Cup.
In September 1979, the school was finally able to move into the 24-classroom premises of Wo Che Estate.
and one million bytes -LRB- 106, see prefix mega - -RRB- usually for computer storage.
Geography Loire-Atlantique is part of the current Pays-de-la-Loire region and is surrounded by the departments of Morbihan, Ille-et-Vilaine, Maine-et-Loire and Vendée, with the 'Atlantic to the west.
It uses the force of gravity -LRB- in the form of weighted bars, dumbbells or weight stacks -RRB- to oppose the force generated by the muscle through concentric or eccentric contraction.
Clarke County is a county in the US state of Georgia.
Izvoarele Sucevei is a municipality located in the department of Suceava, in Romania.
Roberto Mussi -LRB- born August 25, 1963 -RRB- is a former Italian football player -LRB- soccer -RRB- in the role of defender, central back or right back.
Arachne, refusing to bow to Athena, hanged herself: “Neither Arachne could bear such punishment: she preferred to hang herself rather than bow her head.
Global Poverty and Human Rights: Cosmopolitan Responsibilities and Reforms is a 2002 book by Thomas Pogge.
In 1961 he played a role in the creation of the Alliance of the Orders of Saint John of Jerusalem, and subsequently finally received by a concordat in 1963 collateral recognition by the Order of Malta.
The seat of the district is the municipality of Echallens.
By the time of the First World War, governance was again a pressing concern.
Vesta is the only known intact asteroid that has surfaced in this way.
The name of the settlement was called Cennrigmonaid -LRB- in Old Irish for ''head of the king's monad'' -RRB- in memory of Túathalán, abbot of ''Cennrígmonaid'' around 746 AD.
It is an SOV language and has two tones.
The following season, Thompson again appeared in all 44 games for the Bruins, posting three shutouts and a 2.19 goals-against average.
''Benward & Saker-LRB-/O2003/O-RRB-.
Size Boston terriers are generally small, compact, well-proportioned dogs with upright ears, short tails, and a short muzzle that should be free of wrinkles.
The first woman to conduct the orchestra was Australian conductor Simone Young in January 2005 .
History From 1987 to 1992, it was brand Diamond 95.5.
In descending order of population, the largest cities in Oklahoma in 2007 were: Oklahoma City -LRB- 547,274 -RRB- , Tulsa -LRB- 384,037 -RRB- , Norman -LRB- 106,707 -RRB- , Lawton -LRB- 91 568 -RRB- , Broken Arrow -LRB- 90 714 -RRB- , Edmond -LRB- 78 226 -RRB- , Midwest City -LRB- 55 935 -RRB- , Moore -LRB- 51 106 -RRB- , Enid -LRB- 47,008 -RRB- , and Calm Water -LRB- 46,976 -RRB- .
Caesar or Cesar may refer to:
Hedgehogs feed on insects, snails, frogs and toads, snakes, bird eggs, carrion, fungi, grass roots, berries, melons and watermelons.
Finnix A small system administration Live CD available for several architectures.
Spurgeon's church did not use any instruments in its music.
Animals is a concept album by Pink Floyd, released on January 23, 1977 in the United Kingdom by Harvest Records and February 2, 1977 in the United States by Columbia Records.
Laufenburg is a district of the canton of Aargau, Switzerland, consisting mainly of the upper Fricktal valley in the Aargau Jura south of the Rhine.
In support of Blackwater Park, Opeth embarked on their first world tour, headlined Europe for the first time, and appeared at the 2001 Wacken Open Air festival in Germany, playing to a crowd of 60,000.
Funnel clouds most often form in association with supercell thunderstorms.
Ferdinand is the farthest known satellite of Uranus.
Vengeance grossed over $400,000 in ticket sales from an attendance of 6,800 and received 320,000 pay-per-view purchases, helping WWE increase its pay-per-view revenue by $21.6 million over to the previous year.
Administrative Units of Abbottabad District
__ NOTOC __
A complex number, in mathematics, is a number composed of a real part and an imaginary part; it can be written as a + bi, where a and b are real numbers, and i is the standard imaginary unit, having the property that i2 = −1.
The motto of the church is ''God is in his paradise, all is well in the world''.
inutul Timi, a former administrative unit of Romania
Mission may refer to:
Plants used in topiary are evergreen, mostly woody, have small leaves or needles, produce dense foliage, and have compact and/or columnar -LRB-, e.g., fastigiate -RRB- growth habits.
Track listing All tracks composed by Stephen Lynch.
Romero made a third entry in his ''Dead Series'' with Day of the Dead -LRB- 1985 -RRB-.
Epicurus was an atomic materialist, following in the footsteps of Democritus.
The Pacific Electric Railroad Bridge or Southern Pacific Railroad Bridge is a historic double-track arch bridge in Torrance, California, United States, spanning Torrance Boulevard at Bow Street, a short distance west of Western Avenue.
The forewing is white with a variable amount of black spots -LRB- some individuals do not have these spots -RRB-.
The epicenter was at 23.85 N latitude, 120.82 E longitude, southwest of Sun Moon Lake, near Jiji town, Nantou.
On April 8, 1955, veteran journalist Edward R. Murrow interviewed Greene and his wife Amy, along with Monroe, at the Greene's home in Connecticut during a live broadcast of the CBS show Person to Person.
Ibanez Origins and Trial Models Ibanez Registry - Gallery of past and present Ibanez guitars and basses.
It provides a number of features not present in Excel, including a system that automatically defines series for charts based on the user's data layout.
Founded by the Lascaris family, it lasted from 1204 to 1261.
Latin, however, completely replaced Etruscan, leaving only a few Latin documents and loanwords, for example, Etruscan ersu persona, and some place names, such as Roma.
Palk Strait, between the state of Tamil Nadu in India and Sri Lanka, the location of Ram Sethu and rich in natural resources.
As a result, a fleet of Royal Naval warships and tugs were employed to act as a deterrent against any future harassment of British fishing crews by Icelandic boats.
Domitian was the third and last emperor of the Flavian dynasty.
Rosignano Marittimo adjoins the following municipalities: Castellina Marittima, Cecina, Collesalvetti, Livorno, Orciano Pisano, Santa Luce.
Quedlinburg -LRB- -RRB- is a town in the northern Harz Mountains, in the Harz district in western Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.
Fischer described as ''chess legend Bobby Fischer''.
Convection increased and a broad area of ​​low pressure developed on September 22 as convection moved northwestward toward the Yucatan Peninsula.
Its purpose is unknown, but it may be useful for absorbing ultraviolet rays to make vitamin D, as well as determining light/dark cycles and aiding in thermoregulation.
They are native to the hot and dry -LRB- arid -RRB- regions of North America, Central America, South America and the West Indies.
They travel together and when they stop at a grocery store, they meet two sisters, ''Wichita'' -LRB- Emma Stone -RRB- and ''Little Rock'' -LRB- Abigail Breslin -RRB-.
In 1854, Florence Nightingale left for the Crimean War, where triage was used to separate the seriously wounded from the less seriously wounded.
Oliver Postgate -LRB- 12 April 1925 â '' 8 December 2008 -RRB- was an English animator, puppeteer and writer.
Karolina Sofia Bock née Richter, -LRB- August 28, 1792-1872 -RRB-, was a Swedish dancer, actress and singer.
The Seven Years' War was a worldwide military conflict between 1756 and 1763, involving most of the great powers of the time affecting North and Central America, Europe, the West African coast, India and the Philippines.
The equality sign, equal sign or ''='' is a mathematical symbol used to indicate equality.
Kupwara district is located in Jammu and Kashmir, India.
Identical general-purpose registers, allowing any register to be used in any context, simplifying compiler design -LRB- although there are normally separate floating-point registers -RRB-;
Founded towards the end of the 4th century BC. AD by Seleucus I Nicator, one of Alexander the Great's generals, Antioch eventually rivaled Alexandria as the chief city of the Near East and was the cradle of Gentile Christianity.
At the time, its rain bands began to interact with a cold front associated with a well-developed depression west of Norway, dropping as much as 113 mm -LRB- 4.4 in -RRB- of precipitation in the northwest of the Netherlands. As a result , streets and houses in the village of Hippolytushoef were reportedly flooded .
Erich Wasicky -LRB- * May 27, 1911 in Vienna, Austria; † May 28, 1947 in Landsberg -RRB- was a pharmacist at the Mauthausen concentration camp and in charge of putting a large number of victims to death by gas according to action T4 which corresponds to euthanasia.
The club has played in the Primera División of La Liga since its debut in 1928.
In a discussion provided by the National Hurricane Center, he said Omar could have reached a minimum level of Category 4 early that morning.
Some definitions Definitions specific to subdomains are common.
Le Mesnil-Simon is a commune in the Calvados department of the Lower Normandy region in northwestern France.
The moon was discovered by British astronomer William Lassell on October 10, 1846, just 17 days after the discovery of Neptune by German astronomers Johann Gottfried Galle and Heinrich Louis d'Arrest.
He currently plays for German club Schalke 04 in the Bundesliga.
Wastewater treatment generally involves three stages, known as primary, secondary and tertiary treatment.
His mayoral election made Berlin one of three major European cities with an openly gay mayor, along with Paris, whose mayor is Bertrand DelanÃ'', and Hamburg, whose mayor was Ole von Beust at the time. who also took office in 2001 .
May 21 & ndash; Treaty of Troyes: With the Burgundian faction dominating in France, King Charles VI of France recognizes Henry V of England as his heir and virtual ruler of most of France.
In 1976 Pavarotti made his debut at the Salzburg Festival, performing in a solo recital on July 31, accompanied by pianist Leone Magiera.
The Mustelidae are a diverse family and the largest of the order Carnivora, at least in part because this family has historically been a catch-all category for many early or poorly differentiated taxa.
The First Republic, dominated from the end of the 1920s by the Catholic Christian social nationalist party -LRB- CS -RRB-, gradually disintegrated from 1933 -LRB- dissolution of parliament and banning of Austrian national socialists -RRB- to 1934 -LRB- Austrian Civil War in February and banning of all remaining parties except CS -RRB-.
Born in Walthamstow in east London, Morris was educated at Marlborough and Exeter College, Oxford.
Chemnitz is one of three Direktionsbezirke in the Free State of Saxony, Germany, located in the southwest of the state.
About 70% of the population lives in the Greater Volos region, which is the second largest city in Thessaly and the third busiest commercial port in Greece.
He traveled to Brittany in 1928 to study stone crosses and publish As Cruces de Pedra na Bretaña.
castle of Niederraunau castle
In the post-war period Ballarat's growth continued, expanding significantly to the northwest and a severe post-war housing shortage was alleviated with the creation of a large area of ​​the Victoria Housing Commission on the former Ballarat Common -LRB- now known as Wendouree West -. RRB-.
John Smith -LRB- 13 September 1938 – 12 May 1994 -RRB- was a British Labor Party politician who served as Leader of the Labor Party from July 1992 until his sudden death from a heart attack in May 1994.
From Besal, visitors have to walk about 6 to 8 hours through vast alpine meadows to reach the lake.
Although convection subsided early on August 21, the low pressure area remained well organized and the system upgraded to Tropical Depression Four late on August 21.
A summary of an in-depth discussion should reflect the source's findings.
The phrase attributed to both Matisse and Picasso that Cézanne "is our father to all" cannot be easily dismissed.
It became Lopez's least commercially successful album to date, selling 600,000 copies worldwide.
“Sergeant. Major'' – B-side to ''Rollover DJ'', Bonus track in limited editions from Get Born
The district capital is Biasca.
Ultra Beatdown is the latest studio album to feature vocalist ZP Theart.
Stephen I of Hungary invades Transylvania and organizes the Diocese of Transylvania -LRB- possible date -RRB- .
I was a little too old for Harry''.
Bryan Robson OBE -LRB- born January 11, 1957 -RRB- is a former English football manager and player.
Marie-Adèle was exiled to Spain, as was her sister-in-law Bathilde d'Orlàans, the last Princess of Condà.
In the United Kingdom and Australia, the term timber is also used for sawn timber products -LRB-, i.e. -RRB- boards, whereas in the United States and Canada, generally, the product of wood cut into boards is called lumber.
The Wash appears as a large indentation in the coastline of the East England map, separating the curving coast of East Anglia from Lincolnshire.
Today, a large number of small and medium-sized enterprises dominate the economy.
However, radio signals can be carried by electromagnetic radiation; the intensity of the radiation -LRB- amplitude modulation -RRB- or the frequency of the radiation -LRB- frequency modulation -RRB- is oscillated, then the individual oscillations are modified -LRB- modulated -RRB- to produce the signal.
History Beveridge was named after Scottish sheep farmer Andrew Beveridge who built the Hunters ' Tryste Inn in 1845 .
During this time at Cambridge, Dart was Britain's most effective proponent of the modern early music revival, thanks in part to his influence on those who eventually formed groups such as London's Early Music Consort.
It was discovered from images taken by Voyager 2 on January 23, 1986 and given the temporary designation S/1986 U 9.
Early in her career, Duff began making guest appearances in TV movies such as Hope and True Women and television shows such as The Amanda Show.
Maharishi Mahesh Yogi -LRB- SanskritÂ' -RRB- , born Mahesh Prasad Varma -LRB- January 12, 1914 â'' February 5, 2008 -RRB- developed the technique of Transcendental Meditation and was the leader or ''guru'' of the TM Movement, more or less characterized as a new ''neo-Hindu'' religious movement.
The law increased Berlin's area 13-fold from 66 km -LRB- 25.5 mi -RRB- to 883 km -LRB- 341 mi -RRB- and the population doubled from about 1.9 million to nearly 4 million, with nearly 1.2 million inhabitants. these new inhabitants coming from the only 7 surrounding municipalities.
The Montreal Canadiens hosted the 57th NHL All-Star Game at the Bell Center on January 25, 2009, as part of the celebrations for the Canadiens' 100th season.
He was a member of the Central Committee of the Arab Socialist Union from 1974 to 1977.
Florence Leontine Mary Welch -LRB- née -RRB- is the daughter of Evelyn Welch, Harvard-educated Professor of Renaissance Studies and Academic Dean of Arts at Queen Mary, University of London, and Nick Welch, Director of the advertising.
A sequel can lead to a series, in which key elements appear in a number of stories.
On questioning his wife, she revealed that he had rung the bell while he was out of the room and someone was playing a bad joke on them saying he had won the Nobel Prize.
Lunar phases vary cyclically as the Moon orbits the Earth, depending on the changing relative positions of the Earth, Moon, and Sun.
After Stratus pushed her away, James' character went on a full heel turn attacking Stratus in the ring and later swearing to destroy her.
For millennia, the primary use of ferrets has been for hunting or snooping.
4319 Jackierobinson -LRB- 1981 ER14 -RRB- is a main-belt asteroid discovered on 1 March 1981 by Schelte J. Bus at the Siding Spring Observatory as part of Britain's Schmidt-Caltech Asteroid Survey.
The excerpt from the letter that the magazine printed was Anning's only writing published in the scientific literature during his lifetime.
Yet since 1952 there has been the American Sarah Siddons Award for Dramatic Achievement in Theatre: a genuine and prestigious award, named in honor of Siddons.
Tehsils and trade unions in the Karak district The town of Takht-e-Nasrati is the seat of the tehsil.
After the consolidation of knowledge in the Renaissance began to challenge some traditional doctrines in science and theology, the Protestant Reformation began, as the German priest Martin Luther attacked papal authority.
The Murray River formed the southern boundary of the Wiradjuri, the transition from forest to open grassland formed their eastern boundary. ''
Many asteroids have also been discovered at the observatory, including the Trojan asteroids 2223 Sarpedon, 2260 Neoptolemus, 2363 Cebriones, 2456 Palamedes, as well as the eponymous 3494 Purple Mountain.
Mani Ratnam -LRB- -RRB- -LRB- born June 2, 1956 in Madurai, Madras State, India -RRB- is an Indian filmmaker, screenwriter and producer.
He is best known for his role as Brent Leroy on the CTV sitcom Corner Gas, which he also created.
For a general article on state, see State -LRB- polity -RRB- .
NOW is a free weekly publication in Toronto, Canada.
The Letter of Jeremiah, also known as the Epistle of Jeremiah, is a deuterocanonical -LRB- or apocryphal -RRB- book of the Old Testament; this letter claims to have been written by Jeremiah to the Jews who were about to be taken captive to Babylon by Nebuchadnezzar.
Migration to Melbourne, particularly from overseas including Ireland and China, has caused a massive increase in population.
In 1969 FC Schalke 04 paid FC Schwelm 06 38,000 Deutsche Mark to sign promising stopper Rolf Rüssmann, who did not have the best of starts in the Gelsenkirchen-based side under Rudi Gutendorf, but went on to win more regular appearances for the club and seemed destined for a successful career.
There are small Mandaean diaspora populations in Australia -LRB- c. 3,500 from 2006 -RRB-, Canada, USA -LRB- c. 1,500 -RRB- , the UK -LRB- c. 1,000 -RRB- and Sweden -LRB- c. 5,000 -RRB- .
Following the attack, Heyman announced that all ECW Superstars would be on Raw the following week.
HMHS Britannic was the third and largest of the White Star Line.
Aartselaar -LRB- old spelling: Aertselaer -RRB- is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Hemophilia -LRB- also spelled hemophilia in North America, from the Greek haima 'blood' and philia 'love' -RRB- is a group of inherited genetic disorders that impair the body's ability to control blood clotting or clotting, which is used to stop bleeding when a blood vessel is ruptured.
In: Hans Höger-LRB-Hrsg. -RRB-
Finland, Turkey and New Zealand -LRB- as part of Team Australasia -RRB- made their first appearance at the Olympic Games.
The Concorde Agreement is a contract between the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile -LRB- FIA -RRB-, the Formula 1 teams -LRB- currently represented by the Formula 1 Teams Association -LRB- FOTA -RRB- - RRB- and the Formula 1 administration which dictates the terms on which teams enter races and take their share of TV revenue and prize money.
Le Verguier is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France.
A gas giant -LRB- sometimes also known as the Jovian planet after the planet Jupiter, or giant planet -RRB- is a large planet that is not primarily composed of rock or other solid matter.
The Clarity Act -CRB- known as Bill C-20 before it became law -RRB- is an Act passed by the Parliament of Canada that establishes the conditions under which the Government of Canada would initiate negotiations that could lead to secession following such a vote. by one of the provinces.
Azeri or Azeri or Torki -LRB- AzÉ rbaycanca, AzÉ rbaycan dili -RRB- is a dialect belonging to the Turkic language family, spoken in southwestern Asia, mainly in Azerbaijan and northwestern Asia. 'Iran. Azerbaijani is a member of the Oghuz branch of the Turkic languages ​​and is closely related to Turkish, Qashqai, and Turkmen.
6936 = 2 ^ 3 times 3 times 17 ^ 2 , , !
Their variations help the audience to distinguish gender, age and social status, in addition to revealing a change in the appearance of a particular character, for example Oedipus after going blind. Unique masks were also created for specific characters and events in a play, such as Furies in Aeschylusâ Eumenides and Pentheus and Cadmus in Euripidesâ The Bacchantes.
Resourcing encompasses the deployment and manipulation of human resources, financial resources, technological resources, and natural resources.
Christchurch -LRB- -RRB- is the largest city on the South Island of New Zealand and the second largest urban area in the country.
1915 & ndash; Ruth Warrick, American actress -LRB- d. 2005 -RRB-
The main difference between DDR and DDR2 is that in DDR2 the bus is clocked at twice the memory cell frequency, so four bits of data can be transferred per memory cell cycle.
Marklohe is a municipality in the district of Nienburg, Lower Saxony, Germany.
Nai -LRB- Romania , Moldova -RRB- .
Sartene gave its name to one of the South Corsican dialects which comes closest to the Gallurian Sardinian dialect.
Francisco Rubio
India is a transshipment point for heroin from South West Asian countries like Afghanistan and Pakistan and South East Asian countries like Burma, Laos and Thailand.
It was established to commemorate the centenary of Federation Australia and to honor individuals who have made a contribution to Australian society or government.
For the short-lived NFL team, see 1928 Detroit Wolverines -LRB- NFL -RRB- season.
Prato allo Stelvio, Italian name for Prad am Stilfser Joch, a municipality in South Tyrol
Prentice Alvin -LRB-/O1989/O-RRB- - Nebula Award Nominee, 1989; Locus Prize winner, 1990; Nominated for the Hugo Award, 1990
In front of the guillotine, he exclaimed ''Coraggio cuginiâ'' evviva l'anarchia! ''
The county contains portions of two lakes: James Lake along its western border with McDowell County and Rhodhiss Lake along its northeast border with Caldwell County.
The House of Gucci, better known simply as Gucci, is an Italian fashion and leather goods brand, part of the Gucci group, which is owned by the French company Pinault-Printemps-Redoute -LRB-PPR -RRB-.
It is Mönkkönen's seventh game, but only the fifth to be released entirely in English.
In this first systematic treatise on glass, he again evokes the use of lead glass in enamels, glassware and for the imitation of precious stones. Christopher Merrett translated this into English in 1662 -LRB- The Art of Glass -RRB-, paving the way for the production of English lead crystal glass by George Ravenscroft.
This pizza is baked in long rectangular and relatively thick molds -LRB- 1 -- 2 cm -RRB- .
One is a runt so John Arable decides to "get rid of it".
Nappanee is located at .
She married at the age of 14, on May 10, 1612, to Prince Khurram, who would later ascend the Peacock Throne as Mughal Emperor Shah Jahan I. Although betrothed to Shah Jahan in 1607, she eventually became his third wife, in 1612, and was his favourite.
Pope Innocent XI forms a holy league with the Habsburg Empire, Venice and Poland to end Ottoman Turkish rule in Europe.
Lady Margaret Beaufort -LRB- 31 May 1443 – 29 June 1509 -RRB-, Countess of Richmond and Derby, was the mother of King Henry VII and grandmother of King Henry VIII of England.
Founded in 1853, it is the second oldest university in Australia and the oldest in Victoria.
It, along with the film, features more Elvis Presley singles than any of Elvis' own feature films.
He founded Al-Fatiha in 1998 and served as its president until his resignation in 2004.
On the former Erlasee wine estate near Arnstein in Bavaria, southern Germany, Solon SE has built what is currently the world's largest photovoltaic solar power plant with an output of 12 MW.
However, when Gabriel grinds his gun into McClane's wound, McClane shoots through his own shoulder and into Gabriel, killing him.
Alessandro Pistone -LRB- born July 27, 1975 in Milan -RRB- is a former Italian footballer.
The intervals between eruptions can vary from 45 to 125 minutes, with an average of 66.5 minutes in 1939, slowly increasing to an average of 90 minutes apart today.
Virginia Beach is a resort town with miles of beaches and hundreds of hotels, motels, and restaurants along its waterfront.
Robert Dyas was acquired in March 2004 by Change Capital Partners, a private buyout firm headed by former M&S Chairman Luc Vandevelde.
Neuroscience is the scientific study of the nervous system.
The pan and mixer, if kept in constant motion, will create small, soft curds.
Amlikon-Bissegg is a municipality in the district of Weinfelden in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Mercury has been found in Egyptian tombs dating back to 1500 BC. It was also known to the ancient Chinese.
An area of ​​disturbed weather east of the Windward Islands was designated Tropical Depression Six on August 31.
The tennis court was originally a French precursor to lawn tennis played without racquets.
Types of Operators In many IRC networks, IRCops have different types of access on a network.
Released by 20th Century Fox, the film starred Adam West as Batman and Burt Ward as Robin.
Drusus Caesar, son of Germanicus and Agrippina the eldest -LRB- d. 33 -RRB-
Semi-protection prevents editing by unregistered contributors and contributors with accounts that are not .
Osaka was opened to foreign trade by the Bakufu government at the same time as Hy go -LRB- modern Kobe -RRB- on January 1, 1868, just before the advent of the Boshin War and the Meiji Restoration.
There are three official variations: marinara pizza, made with tomato, garlic, oregano and extra virgin olive oil -LRB- although most Neapolitan pizzerias also add basil to the marinara -RRB -, pizza Margherita, made with tomato, slices of mozzarella, basil and extra virgin olive oil, and pizza Margherita extra made with tomato, Campania mozzarella fillets, basil and extra virgin olive oil.
The couple resided in Bombay and traveled frequently across India and Europe.
Sometimes these numbers are lower and in the case of having only two or three grandparents, brother or half-brother, incest would be incorporated.
Emergency Reporting Under the Broadcasting Law, NHK is required to broadcast emergency reporting in the event of natural disasters such as earthquakes and tsunamis.
8 milliseconds -- 1\/125 of a second -LRB-/O125/O-RRB- , a standard camera shutter speed; fastest shifting time of mechanical transmission in a car
The Bugatti Veyron has a total of ten radiators.
His best-known work, for the 1971 blaxploitation film Shaft, earned Hayes an Academy Award for Best Original Song -LRB-, the first Oscar received by an African American in a non-acting category -RRB-, and two Grammys. Awards.
Studies in the fly Drosophila melanogaster suggest that if a mutation changes a protein produced by a gene, it is likely to be harmful, with around 70% of these mutations having harmful effects, the rest being neutral or weakly beneficial.
The winning team receives the Vince Lombardi Trophy, named after the coach of the Green Bay Packers, who won the first two Super Bowl games and three of the previous five NFL championships in 1961, 1962 and 1965.
The fruit is about 6 cm in diameter, often with slightly hilly ends, and is usually sold quite green, although it turns yellow when fully ripe.
He was drafted by the Tennessee Oilers in the fourth round of the 1997 NFL Draft. He played college football at Michigan State.
The spacecraft was placed in low Earth orbit for testing.
The species is also hunted frequently for its skin and meat, and the eggs are often harvested for human consumption.
It shares the same body and basic structure as the Turbostar, which in turn is the most common post-privatization diesel multiple unit family -LRB-DMU-RRB-, and both have evolved from the design ADtranz Class 168 Clubman.
Dame Jane Morris Goodall, DBE -LRB- born Valerie Jane Morris-Goodall on 3 April 1934 -RRB-, is a primatologist, ethologist, anthropologist and United Nations Messenger of Peace.
The defeat of the federal Labor government in March 1996 prompted Kennett to call a snap national election three weeks later, in which Labor lost heavily, with a net gain of two seats.
She was a pupil of Maurice Denis and Paul Sérusier.
Orsingen-Nenzingen is a town in the district of Konstanz in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.
PeÃa Boulevard, a freeway in Denver and neighboring Aurora connecting Denver International Airport to Interstate 70, is named after him.
The film was released in North America on September 30, 2005 by Universal Pictures.
Two years later, Metric released their second studio album, Live It Out, on October 4, 2005.
The receiving partner lies on their back with their legs apart, while the penetrating partner lies on top.
The album was released on March 3, 1986 by Elektra Records to high critical acclaim.
It was grown and eaten by the ancient Romans -LRB- usually as a snack -RRB-, hence the word edible in its name.
She married Enrique Rousseau shortly thereafter.
On April 13, with her much diminished retinue, Marie-Louise and the three-year-old King of Rome returned to Rambouillet where they met her father, Emperor Francis II of Austria, and Emperor Alexander. I of Russia.
There is another confirmed bunker, a 'remote receiving station', in Bankstown.
DDT was completely banned in Canada in 1989, although its use has been severely restricted since the late 1970s.
Yoshi is the initial protagonist, and the game is the character's first appearance that allowed players to control him without Mario.
The June birth flower is the rose, or honeysuckle, as both roses and honeysuckles bloom throughout the month of June.
Rudolf II March 11, 1356 December 6, 1370 Son of Rudolf I.
He graduated in sociology at the Polytechnic, Regent Street, -LRB- now the University of Westminster -RRB- where he campaigned to establish its Students' Union and became its first elected president, a sabbatical post, in 1966.
The Emirate of Granada was created in 1228, after the defeat of the Almohad dynasty against the Christians in the Battle of Las Navas de Tolosa.
At the time, Hurricane Mitch was the strongest Atlantic hurricane observed in October, although it has since been surpassed by Hurricane Wilma of the 2005 season.
Grandrieux is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France.
Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach -LRB- March 8, 1714 – December 14, 1788 -RRB- was a German musician and composer, the second of three sons of Johann Sebastian Bach and Maria Barbara Bach.
The social and cultural aspects of the Brussels Treaty have been entrusted to the Council of Europe to avoid duplication of responsibilities within Europe.
Mont Ventoux -LRB- in classical norm or in Mistralian norm -RRB- is a mountain in the Provencal region of southern France, located about 20 km northeast of Carpentras, in the Vaucluse.
On the February 16 episode of Raw, Shawn Michaels challenged John ''Bradshaw'' Layfield -LRB-JBL -RRB- to a match the following week, with the winner advancing to WrestleMania to challenge The Undertaker in an attempt to put ending his unbeaten streak at the event.
Altenburger Land Altkirchen Dobitschen Drogen Göhren Göllnitz Großröda Lumpzig Mehna1 Starkenberg 2 .
The Mopti region is bordered by the region of Tomboctou to the north, the region of Ségou to the southwest and Burkina Faso to the southeast.
Russia shares borders with the following countries -LRB- from northwest to southeast -RRB-: Norway, Finland, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Poland -LRB- both via Kaliningrad Oblast -RRB-, Belarus, Ukraine, Georgia, Azerbaijan, Kazakhstan, the People's Republic of China, Mongolia and North Korea.
The Cascades Volcanoes -LRB- also known as the Cascades Volcanic Arc or the Cascades Arc -RRB- are a number of volcanoes in a volcanic arc in western North America, s' extending from southwestern British Columbia through Washington and Oregon to northern California, a distance of well over 700 mi -LRB- 1,100 km -RRB- .
Truro Cathedral of the Blessed Virgin Mary is an Anglican cathedral in the town of Truro, Cornwall, United Kingdom.
The German Democratic Republic was proclaimed on October 7, 1949 with the adoption of a new constitution, establishing a political system similar to that of the Soviet Union.
Nepenthes generally produce two types of pitchers, known as leaf dimorphism.
The Connochaetes include two species, both native to Africa: the black wildebeest, or white-tailed wildebeest -LRB- C. gnou -RRB-, and the blue wildebeest, or brindle wildebeest -LRB- C. taurinus -RRB-.
Due to overcrowding in the Executive Mansion itself , President Theodore Roosevelt moved all working offices to the newly constructed West Wing in 1901 .
The policy was enacted by the Tokugawa shogunate under Tokugawa Iemitsu through a number of edicts and policies from 1633 to 1639 and remained in effect until 1853 with the arrival of Commodore Matthew Perry and the opening of Japan .
The Dominican Republic national football team is the national team of the Dominican Republic and is controlled by the FederaciÃ n Dominicana de FÃ tbol.
She made her debut at the Metropolitan Opera in New York in November 1953 in the role of Susanna in Mozart's The Marriage of Figaro and only appeared there for one season -LRB- 1953-54 -RRB-, in five performances of the role by Susanna.
Uruk is eponymous with the Uruk period, the protohistoric period from the Chalcolithic to the early Bronze Age in the history of Mesopotamia spanning ca.
None of the extant versions of the libretto, printed or handwritten, can be definitively linked to the first performance at the Teatro Santi Giovanni e Paolo, the precise date of which is unknown.
The processing is done by general purpose computers or by digital circuits such as ASICs, user programmable gate arrays or specialized digital signal processors -LRB-, DSP chips -RRB-.
Paulo Sérgio Silvestre do Nascimento -LRB- born June 2, 1969 -RRB-, commonly known as Paulo Sérgio is a former Brazilian footballer.
Calcio Catania is an Italian football club founded in 1908 and based in Catania, Sicily.
Live Performances Live performances of ''Fell on Black Days'' can be found on the singles ''Black Hole Sun'' and ''Fell on Black Days''.
His early years of childhood were spent in the village.
Bernay-en-Champagne -LRB- formerly Bernay -RRB- is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays-de-la-Loire region in northwestern France.
Applications The study of pulsars has given rise to many applications in physics and astronomy.
Oklahoma's population center is located in Lincoln County, in the city of Sparks -LSB- -RSB-.
Inverurie is a Royal Burgh in Aberdeenshire, Scotland, approximately to the north-west of Aberdeen on the A96 road and is served by Inverurie railway station on the Aberdeen-Inverness line.
That is to say, there is at least one whole day during which the sun does not set, and at least one whole day during which the sun does not rise.
He spent the rest of his career at Columbia University where he was successively assistant professor of biology -LRB- 1891 -- 94 -RRB- , professor of invertebrate zoology -LRB- 1894 -- 1897 -RRB- , and professor of zoology -LRB- from 1897 -RRB- .
With this, the city underwent significant industrialization, eventually becoming a major center for heavy industry and manufacturing.
1944 & ndash; World War II: 168 captured Allied airmen, including Phil Lamason, accused of being ''terrorist airmen'', arrive at Buchenwald concentration camp.
As a nightshade, it is closely related to tomato and potato and is native to India and Sri Lanka.
He then used paint pouring as one of many early 1940s canvas techniques, such as ''Male and Female'' and ''Composition with Pouring I.'' After moving to Springs, he began painting with his canvases laid out on the studio floor, and he developed what would later be called his “drip” technique.
The German television station Bayerischer Rundfunk has been broadcasting its show Schuhbecks since 1993.
In June 1961, Motown released Gaye's debut album, The Soulful Moods of Marvin Gaye, compromising Gaye's jazz interests with a few R&B songs.
This conversion is known as tin disease or tin pest.
Saint-LÃon is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Festival in Gøta in July and Summarfestivalurin in Klaksvík in August.
Introducing a new cultivar may mean a change in planting rate, adjustment of drill, harvester, dryer, cleaner, huller and marketing method.
The Nazis left the country on April 25, 1945.
In publishing and graphic design, lorem ipsum -LRB- -LRB- # References -LRB- p -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- is a commonly used placeholder text -LRB- filler text -RRB- to demonstrate graphical elements of a document or visual presentation, such as font, typography, and layout. The lorem ipsum text is usually a section of a Latin text by Cicero with words changed, added, and deleted that make it absurd in meaning and not in proper Latin.
Jan JÃ nsson -LRB- born May 24, 1960 -RRB- is a Swedish former football player, currently Rosenborg football coach.
Házecques is a French commune in the department of Pas-de-Calais in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region.
Henry Jaynes Fonda -LRB- May 16, 1905 - August 12, 1982 -RRB- was an American film and stage actor.
This film's working title during production was Oliver and the Dodger.
Archerfish -LRB- Spinner Fish or Archer Fish -RRB- are a family -LRB- Toxotidae -RRB- of fish known for their habit of feeding on terrestrial insects and other small animals by literally shooting them down with droplets of their specialty water. mouths.
Eastern Armenia was the part of Ottoman Armenia and Persian Armenia that was ceded to the Russian Empire as a result of the Russo-Turkish War of 1828-1829.
Oakland Athletics -LRB- -- -RRB-
Previously, they were only available in single DVD "volumes".
Mating takes place in the afternoon to early evening, and egg-laying begins at night.
Rafael Castellin Osuna -LRB-/O1997/O-RRB-
Michael Hordy -LRB- born October 10, 1956 in Thunder Bay, Ontario -RRB- is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player who played eleven games in the National Hockey League for the New York Islanders.
The written history of China can be found as early as the Shang -LRB-ca dynasty.
Tangled Up received mostly acclaim from contemporary music critics upon its release.
He has been widely regarded as one of the greatest thinkers of what is called "practical learning" -LRB- silhak -RRB- .
D. from Yale University in 1947.
The Gaelic language remains strong in some areas, the landscapes have inspired a variety of artists and the wildlife is diverse.
Duroplast was used by Eastern European automaker VEB Sachsenring Automobilwerke Zwickau to produce the body of the mass-produced Trabant car.
Most Christians -LRB- Roman Catholic, Eastern Orthodox, Eastern Rite and Protestant -RRB- accept the use of creeds and subscribe to at least one of the creeds mentioned above.
Although the crystal semiconductor diode was popular before the thermionic diode, thermionic and semiconductor diodes were developed in parallel.
Because I don't do anything that deserves censorship, and I don't care what is reported falsely.
Robson revealed on May 6, 2007 that he had been diagnosed with cancer for the fifth time.
Institutional Revolutionary Party -LRB- Partido Revolucionario Institucional, PRI -RRB-: center-left party that is part of social democracy, founded in 1929 to unite all the factions of the Mexican Revolution.
Sixteen developed following a strong tropical disturbance off the east coast of Nicaragua on October 13.
M&M's -LRB- named after the names of company founders -RRB- Inventor of the Week Archive -RRB- are ''colored button-shaped candies'' produced by Mars, Incorporated.
Cormes is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in northwestern France.
Ãric Sylvain Abidal -LRB- born September 11, 1979 -RRB- is a French footballer of Martinican origin who currently plays as a left or central defender at FC Barcelona and in the France team.
The Previous MP and Previous Party column shows the MP and party holding the seat when dissolved on April 11, 2005.
1940 & ndash; Winter War: Finland signs the Moscow Peace Treaty with the Soviet Union, ceding almost all of Finnish Karelia.
Compatibility FreeBASIC is the successor to the QuickBASIC programming language.
Lickstones Salt-seeking porcupines sometimes encroach on human habitats, eating plywood treated with sodium nitrate, certain paints, tool handles, shoes, clothing, and other objects coated in salty sweat.
The Missa in Angustiis -LRB- ''Mass for Troubled Times'' -RRB- or ''Nelson Mass'' -LRB- Hob.
The year 499 BC. AD was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar.
The Paralympic Games are a major international multi-sport event where athletes with physical disabilities compete; this includes athletes with reduced mobility, amputations, blindness and cerebral palsy.
Hesperornis were preyed upon by large marine carnivores.
Doogal was poorly received by critics and did poorly at the box office, grossing $7 million and earning 7% on Rotten Tomatoes.
The reaction forms hydrogen gas and lithium hydroxide in aqueous solution.
A motto can be in any language, but Latin is the most used.
Not all trees have all the organs or plant parts mentioned above.
With the votes split three ways, Courtney was caught off guard 3-2-1.
Although she denies suffering from postpartum depression, Jenny exhibits all the symptoms, including growing impatience with Marley and John, who ask Sebastian to look after the dog when Jenny insists they give it up. She quickly realizes that he has become an indispensable part of the family and accepts that he can stay.
Indicate, for example, why a person is famous, where a place is and why it is famous, or the basic details of an event and when it happened.
See also Mario's Picross, another Picross game created by Nintendo and Jupiter.
A redundant bit can be a complex function of many original information bits.
DrÄ goteÅ ti is a municipality in Dolj County, Romania, with a population of 2,630 people.
A remix album of Silent Alarm tracks was also released in late August 2005 in the UK.
Maluku was one of the earliest provinces in Indonesia, proclaimed in 1945 until 1999 when the Maluku Utara and Halmahera Tengah regencies were split into a separate province of North Maluku.
It is built on the site of a World War II Royal Air Force bomber station , RAF Silverstone , which opened in 1943 .
An anonymous author romanized the spelling to Loxodonta and the ICZN acknowledges him as the proper authority.
The endorsement test proposed by U.S. Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O'Connor in Lynch v. Donnelly in 1984 asks whether a particular government action amounts to endorsement of religion, thus violating the clause establishment of the First Amendment.
Hayam Wuruk, Javanese ruler -LRB- d. 1389 -RRB-
April & ndash; First Barons' War: Prince Louis of France, future King Louis VIII, invades England.
Of all songs on the album, ''Strutter'', ''Nothin' to Lose'', ''Deuce'', ''Cold Gin'', ''Black Diamond'' and ''100,000 Years'' remain permanent staples of the band's shows over the years.
Peace Corps After completing his medical internship, Jemison joined the Peace Corps staff and served as a Peace Corps Medical Officer from 1983 to 1985 responsible for the health of Peace Corps volunteers serving in Liberia and in Sierra Leone.
For this reason, the lines were electrified to 630 V DC fourth rail, with electricity generated at the LNWR power station at Stonebridge Park.
The covalent radius, rcov, is a measure of the size of an atom that is part of a covalent bond.
Generally, surface water sinks to an average depth of about where it comes in contact with hot rocks.
King's Lynn is the third largest settlement in Norfolk, after the city of Norwich and the town of Great Yarmouth.
Diehard Mind: Toward a Psychology for the 21st Century is a 2007 book by Edward F. Kelly, Emily Williams Kelly, Adam Crabtree, Alan Gauld, Michael Grosso, and Bruce Greyson.
Retrieved 28 April 2010.
Subsequent organizational changes, the last of which was in 1975, added the towns of Lünen, Schwerte, Selm and Werne to form the district as it is today.
He has also written introductions to compilations and numerous articles and translated several books from German into English.
For subnational entities called states, see Federated state.
Applications GMR has been widely used in modern hard disk read heads and magnetic sensors.
In February 1909, Rasputin sent a telegram to the imperial children, advising them "to love all of God's nature, all of his creation especially this earth".
The village itself was totally destroyed by fire.
For the language, see Mori language.
He was the eldest son of Cleopatra VII, and the only known son of Julius Caesar, for whom he was named.
Smile, V/O. The terrestrial biosphere: evolution, dynamics and change, p. 269
Henry VII -LRB-; 28 January 1457 – 21 April 1509 -RRB- was King of England and Lord of Ireland from his capture of the crown on 22 August 1485 until his death on 21 April 1509, as the first monarch of the House of Tudor .
177, 1874: ''The long rock inscription of Hamamât. ''
Theognis seems to allude to a myth in which the jar contained blessings rather than evils.
Modern taiko was created in 1951 by Daihachi Oguchi.
The unrecoverable bit error rate UBE -LRB- -RRB- is typically specified at 1 bit in 1015 for enterprise class disk drives -LRB- SCSI, FC, SAS -RRB- and 1 bit in 1014 for drives desktop-class disk drives -LRB- IDE/ATA/PATA , SATA -RRB- .
The Republic of Macedonia national football team is the national football team of the Republic of Macedonia and is controlled by the Football Federation of Macedonia.
Geography It is located northeast of Berlin.
His mind is soothed by the children's play and their singing of the nursery rhyme ''Tom, Tom, the Pied Piper's Son''.
Military chocolate has been part of the standard United States military ration since the original 1937 Ration D or D ration bar.
Many know Reims for its cathedral, Notre-Dame de Reims, once the site of the coronation of the kings of France.
Indian almond or tropical almond, also known as umbrella tree
This is best documented among the Osage and Quapaw Indian tribes of Missouri and Arkansas.
Elemental sulfur crystals are commonly sought after by mineral collectors for their brightly colored polyhedral shapes.
It is a dimensionless quantity -LRB- that is to say a pure number, without unit -RRB- equal to the molar mass divided by the molar mass constant.
Measurements are from recent images, usually supplemented by Russian topographical mapping at 1:200,000 scale as well as Jerzy Wala, Orographical Sketch Map: Karakoram: Sheets 1 & 2, Swiss Foundation for Alpine Research, Zurich, 1990 .
He started writing in 1967.
Kepler's mathematical, cosmological, philosophical, and historical views have been widely analyzed in books and journal articles, although his astrological work—and its relationship to his astronomy—remains little studied.
The actual phylogenetic position of Westlothiania is uncertain, reflecting the uncertainty of the phylogeny of labyrinthodonts in general.
Prabha Shanker Kaneria -LRB- (born December 16, 1980 in Karachi, Pakistan -RRB- ) is a Pakistani cricketer -LRB- and leg spinner -RRB- . Denmark's Kaneria has carried on the tradition of Pakistan's great bowlers and has a very well disguised googly.
Historically the county town was Abingdon, but in 1867 the then much larger town of Reading replaced Abingdon in this role. In 1974, local government reorganization moved Abingdon and several other north-west Berkshire towns to Oxfordshire.
John Churchill, 1st Duke of Marlborough, Prince of Mindelheim, KG, PC -LRB- 26 May 1650 – 16 June 1722 -RRB- -LRB- O. S -RRB-, was an English soldier and statesman whose career spans the reigns of five monarchs in the late 17th and early 18th centuries.
The cheeks -LRB- -RRB- are the area of ​​the face below the eyes and between the nose and the left or right ear.
TAM - TÃxi AÃreo MarÃlia and TAM - Transportes AÃreos Regionalais were two different entities, although both belonged to the TAM group.
''If a normally unaccented part of the bar is accented, the rhythm is considered syncopated. ''
In 1969, Sheldon wrote his first novel, The Naked Face, which earned him a nomination for the Mystery Writers of America's Edgar Allan Poe Award for Best First Novel.
Homer's greedy and evil boss Monty Burns
Song Repentance -LRB- -RRB-, a song by Dream Theater
In Dead Like Me, the Grim Reaper is actually multiple 'Grim Reapers'.
She won the first women's world championship in 1927 and successfully defended her title six times in all other championships in her life, and lost only one match, winning 78 and drawing four matches.
Some drive systems provide the ability to periodically test the battery, but this leaves the system without a fully charged battery for several hours.
The Babri Mosque was the subject of such conflict until the early 1990s when it was demolished.
None of the requests can be satisfied, so a deadlock occurs.
The town grew after the nation's administrative center moved from Bremersdorp -LRB- now called Manzini -RRB- in 1902.
Since the introduction of the smoking ban in 2006, such slogans are no longer necessary.
Members of the genus Bison are large, even-toed ungulates of the Bovinae subfamily.
Gale: 1987 ISBN: 081034419X pg 11 French novelist, playwright, poet, essayist and political activist.
The station consists of four platforms, two of which are islands.
For the similar Latin American channel, see Warner Channel.
Dilawar Khan establishes the sultanate of Malwa in present-day northern India.
Typically, a cryptosystem consists of three algorithms: one for key generation, one for encryption, and one for decryption.
Crawford Wilson -LRB- born June 19, 1990 -RRB- is an American actor and voice actor from Memphis, Tennessee.
August & ndash; The iconic painting The Black Madonna of Czestochowa is brought from Jerusalem to the Jasna Góra Monastery in Poland.
The tool is included by default in all versions after Ubuntu 8.04 and can be installed on Ubuntu 8.04.
Derbyshire -LRB- or -RRB- is a county in the East Midlands of England.
It was in the 11th and 12th centuries that we find the first signs of devotion to the Sacred Heart.
It is located in Baltistan, Gilgit-Baltistan region of Pakistan, and crosses part of the Karakoram mountain range.
Cafiero spent more than a year in Italy as a representative of Marx and Engels to hinder the influence of anarchism.
After December at Dismember, Heyman was relieved of his duties both on and off the air with World Wrestling Entertainment.
To make matters worse, their flint is still underwater after their boat capsized while paddling to their new beach.
This template automatically creates the hidden for sorting purposes and then displays the date like this: July 4, 1776.
In 2007 the surviving members -LRB- besides Glen Matlock -RRB- re-recorded ''Anarchy in the UK'' for the video game Guitar Hero III: Legends of Rock because the masters were nowhere to be found.
Disney Brings Its Own Miis Achievements to the Nintendo DS All upcoming Disney Interactive Studios DS games are expected to include DGamer features.
One of the largest members of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago, Southampton Island is part of the Kivalliq region of Nunavut, Canada.
Originally, the term gingerbread -LRB- from the Latin zingiber via the Old French gingebras -RRB- referred to candied ginger.
While the story focuses on the military aspects of the Peloponnesian War, it uses these events as material to suggest several other themes closely related to the war.
finance .
-LRB- microplate readers also known as -RRB- plate readers are laboratory instruments designed to detect biological, chemical or physical events of samples in microtiter plates.
The value of 6.6 kg indicates a density of 1.3 × 0.3 g\/cm3.
Olympia is the capital of the US state of Washington and the county seat of Thurston County.
An old stand was demolished in April 1979 and a two-tier replacement, costing 1.7m, was completed in December 1979.
Cultural Aspects The bat is sacred in Tonga and West Africa and is often seen as the physical manifestation of a separable soul.
Late on October 12, when the disturbance was located well southwest of Puerto Rico, the National Hurricane Center -LRB-NHC-RRB- noted the possibility of tropical development once adverse winds subsided.
Helensburgh FC was a Scottish football club based in Helensburgh, a member of the Scottish Football League Third Division.
Like CD-Rs, CD-RWs have hard-coded speed specifications that limit allowed recording speeds to certain fairly restrictive ranges, but unlike the former, they also have a minimum write speed below which discs cannot be recorded reliably, which is dictated by the phase. change material heating and cooling time constants and required laser energy levels.
The 45 km route from Pir Baba -LRB-RA -RRB- to Barikot crosses Mount Ilam and climbs through mature pine forests to Karakar Pass.
The Essjay controversy concerned a prominent Wikipedia administrator and salaried Wikia employee, Essjay -LRB- later identified himself as Ryan Jordan -RRB-.
St. Louis Rams -LRB- -- -RRB-
Clegg's first major elected post was from 1999 to 2004 as Member of the European Parliament -LRB-MEP-RRB- for the East Midlands.
Madona is a city with city rights in the Vidzeme region of Latvia and is the center of Madona Municipality.
Michael J. Fox -LRB- born June 9, 1961 -RRB- is a Canadian-American actor, author and voice-over artist.
Nazi leaders were concerned about this because they wanted German women to be as reproductive as possible.
The current territory was created in June 1870, when the Hudson's Bay Company transferred Rupert's Land and the North-Western Territory to the Government of Canada.
Iris continued west and intensified. After passing just south of Jamaica, Iris reached Category 4 hurricane strength and made landfall near Monkey River Town, Belize on October 9 at Category 4 strength, but quickly weakened.
Caligula is a 1979 Italian/American biographical film directed by Tinto Brass, with additional scenes filmed by Giancarlo Lui and Penthouse founder Bob Guccione.
Formed in 1992, Bloodhound Gang has sold over 6 million albums.
Currently, the largest known supergiants in terms of physical size, not mass, brilliance, or luminosity, are the supergiants KY Cygni, and Cephei -LRB- the Garnet Star -RRB-.
Founded towards the end of the 4th century BC. AD by Seleucus I Nicator, one of Alexander the Great's generals, Antioch eventually rivaled Alexandria as the chief city of the Near East and was the cradle of Gentile Christianity.
Zak Starkey, -LRB- born September 13, 1965 -RRB- is an English drummer, best known as the first child of Beatles drummer Ringo Starr -LRB- Richard Starkey -RRB- and his first wife Maureen Cox.
The Corrs' music is generally categorized as folk rock.
From 1964 to 1979, the RPO was hired by Decca Records to record the operas of Gilbert and Sullivan with the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company.
A sequel, Wario Land II, was later released, with the character Captain Syrup returning as the antagonist.
The Feldkirch Poetry Award, in German Feldkircher Lyrikpreis, initiated by Austrian artist and writer Erika Kronabitter, is awarded annually by the Theater am Saumarkt theater in Feldkirch, Vorarlberg\/Austria.
Individuals born when the Sun was in this sign are considered Pisces.
Differences from Debian The main differences between this distro and base Debian are a custom kernel with real-time patches applied, pre-configuration, and a selection of custom packages designed to meet the needs of creative desktop users.
On the night of the 25th, he managed to procure a musket and survived for a few days by raiding gardens and taking food from the aborigines after having frightened them with his gun.
Fundamental concepts One nanometer -LRB- nm -RRB- is one billionth, or 10 & less; 9, one meter.
Edinburgh becomes the capital of Scotland.
Le Bouscat is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France.
In 1992, Pearl Jam made television appearances on Saturday Night Live and MTV Unplugged and performed on the Lollapalooza Tour that summer with the Red Hot Chili Peppers, Soundgarden and Ministry, among others.
His parents, who were farmers, died when McDowell was young.
In mathematics, an inequality is a statement about the relative size or order of two objects, or whether or not they are the same -LRB- See also: equality -RRB- .
However, in 1852 John Russell Hind wrote that it is universally called Hygeia, the unnecessary appendix 'Borbonica' being dropped. ''
Nobel laureates affiliated with the institute include Max von Laue -LRB-/O1914/O-RRB-, Fritz Haber -LRB-/O1918/O-RRB-, James Franck -LRB-/O1925/O-RRB- , Otto Hahn -LRB-/O1944/O-RRB- , Eugene Wigner -LRB-/O1963/O-RRB- , Ernst Ruska -LRB-/O1986/O-RRB- , Gerhard Ertl -LRB-/O2007/O- RRB-.
The most spectacular building is Bridge 22 - the brick Chelfham Viaduct.
St. Lucie County is a county located in the state of Florida.
After entering the Western Pacific, the cyclone encountered a more favorable environment, resulting in a rapid intensification of Paka.
Super OS -LRB- formerly: Super Ubuntu -RRB- is a freely available Linux distribution.
You may wish to embark on an effort to populate related categories with appropriate articles if this has not already been done -LRB- or add it to the portal's ''todo'' list so visitors can help -RRB-.
The 1951–52 NHL season was the 35th season of the National Hockey League.
A G-string -LRB- alternatively gee-string or gee string -RRB- is a type of underwear, a narrow piece of fabric, leather or plastic, which covers or supports the genitals, passes between the buttocks and is attached to a band around the hips, worn as a swimsuit or undergarment by women and men.
Campello is a municipality in the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
The show has had other names and other presenters, as detailed below.
Michael Gerard ''Mike'' Tyson -LRB- born June 30, 1966 -RRB- is an American boxer.
Porpoises -LRB- also called mereswine -RRB- are small cetaceans of the Phocoenidae family; they are related to whales and dolphins.
Shelled nautiluses are the only living cephalopods whose body bone structure exteriorizes into a shell.
After Iceland granted him citizenship , Japanese authorities released him there , where he lived until his death in 2008 .
This is the third book in Card's The Tales of Alvin Maker series and it is about Alvin Miller, the seventh son of a seventh son.
Robert T. Bakker made A. yahnahpin the type species of a new genus, Eobrontosaurus in 1998, so it is now strictly speaking Eobrontosaurus yahnahpin.
''List of Oscars Won in 1940''.
Many compositions include acoustic guitar interludes and strong dynamic changes, as well as growling yet clear vocals.
Sinclair wrote the novel to highlight the plight of the working class and to show the corruption of the American meat-packing industry in the early 20th century.
Virginia group large-seeded peanuts are grown in the following US states: Virginia, North Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, New Mexico, Oklahoma, and parts of Georgia.
Tehsils & Unions in Sanghar District - Government of Pakistan It is one of the agricultural towns located about 265 km from the city of Karachi.
The Kuwait national football team is the national team of Kuwait and is controlled by the Kuwait Football Association.
Chaillevois is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France.
It featured talent from the Raw, SmackDown, and ECW brands.
It borders on the municipalities of Ellezelles -LRB- to the west -RRB- and Lessines -LRB- to the east -RRB- in the same province and Brakel in the province of East Flanders, on the other side of the linguistic border.
Bihor -LRB-; -RRB- is a -LRB-jude-RRB- county of Romania, in Criana, with the capital at Oradea.
Canadian Tire Corporation, Limited -LRB- -RRB- is one of the 35 largest publicly traded companies in Canada and operates an interdependent network of businesses engaged in the retail -LRB- of physical goods, apparel and petroleum products -RRB- and financial and automotive services -LRB- -RRB- .
I really wasn't preparing for the future at all.
Saint-Cyr-du-Ronceray is a commune in the Calvados department of the Lower Normandy region in northwestern France.
Many authorities consider him the greatest offensive grandmaster of all time.
From the 14th century it was a possession of Florence and the Grand Duchy of Tuscany until the unification of Italy in 1860 .
ISBN 0-486-41703-4 by Milton Sirotta -LRB- 1929 -- 1980 -RRB-, nephew of American mathematician Edward Kasner, when he was nine years old.
Meanwhile, it had moved east, then northeast, then northwest.
The second match was the Money in the Bank match between Rob Van Dam -LRB-RVD-RRB-, Shelton Benjamin, Ric Flair, Finlay, Bobby Lashley and Matt Hardy.
The armies of the presidency were named after the presidencies: Bengal Army, Madras Army and Bombay Army.
Aigues-Vives is a commune in the Aude department in southern France.
No Way Out -LRB-/O2009/O-RRB- was a professional wrestling pay-per-view -LRB- PPV -RRB- event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB-, which took place on February 15, 2009 at the KeyArena in Seattle, Washington.
Damageplan was an American heavy metal supergroup from Dallas, Texas, formed in 2003.
According to the 1421 theory, Zheng He's fleets returned to China.
The Games are regulated by the Asian Games Federation -LRB- AGF -RRB- from the first Games in New Delhi, India until the 1978 Games and started by the Olympic Council of Asia -LRB- OCA -RRB- since 1982 after the dissolution of the Asian Games Federation.
Since 2004, Polish Flag Day has been celebrated on May 2.
If you don't agree: Anyone other than the creator of a page can challenge the prompt deletion of a page by removing the page's deletion notice.
Dolignon is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France.
You tried to edit a section that does not exist.
The Secretary of War headed the War Department throughout its existence.
Saral is a village and union council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Chakwal Tehsil.
Some developers also specialize in certain types of games, such as computer role-playing games or first-person shooters.
Back up an entire system, including user data, to an installable Live CD/DVD.
Other words Other English words can be used to make grammatical sentences of this form, containing many consecutive repetitions.
Later, he took the name of Staffordshire Bull Terrier in England. These dogs started making their way to America as early as 1870, where they became known as the Pit Dog and Pit Bull Terrier, then the American Bull Terrier, and again later the Yankee Terrier.
London Luton Airport -LRB- formerly known as Luton International Airport -RRB- is an international airport located east of the city center of the borough of Luton in Bedfordshire, England, and north of the center of London.
In the middle of the century, Claudin de Sermisy and Clément Janequin were composers of so-called Parisian songs, who also abandoned fixed forms and were in a simpler, more homophonic style, sometimes featuring music that was intended to be evocative of certain images.
The first major survey of the Hundred Rolls, an English census considered a follow-up to the Domesday Book completed in 1086, is complete; it started in 1274 .
On 27 January the team admitted that it might not be able to take part in the 2010 winter testing season at all and that its second driver might not be announced until the day before its first race.
It is a classic example of the Normandy Gothic style in its use of long, straight vertical lines.
Partly for fear of losing her passport if she returned to the United States, she settled permanently in China until her death in 1970, publishing a “Letter from China”. ''
Founded in 1538, the Universidad Autónoma de Santo Domingo -LRB- UASD -RRB- is the oldest university in the New World and is also the only public university in the city.
Born Mary Therese Winifred Bourke in Ballina, County Mayo, in 1944, she is the daughter of two doctors.
Robert Mario De Niro, Jr. -LRB- born August 17, 1943 -RRB- is an American actor, director and producer.
Joanna Noëlle Blagden Levesque -LRB- born December 20, 1990 -RRB-, professionally known as JoJo, is an American pop and R&B singer-songwriter and actress.
The station is located adjacent to the Caulfield campus of Monash University, as well as Caulfield Racecourse.
Method Methods of unsafe abortion include: Trying to break the amniotic sac inside the uterus with a stick or sharp wire -LRB- eg a coat hanger -RRB- .
Although STE is regulated for use in the aerospace industry, other industries have used it as a basis for developing their own controlled English standards.
On January 8, 1825, they ran out of provisions and for a few days lived on fish and a kangaroo which they were able to kill.
Late on July 17, however, convection increased in association with low pressure, and the system quickly became more organized.
Newsweek used one of Winston Smith's statements to argue that the rise in popularity of white nationalism and supremacy is due to the combination of the late 2000s recession and the election of a black president.
He beat Matt Bentley in his first match, and over the next few weeks Kozlov easily won several matches, first against local talent and then established names such as Colin Delaney, Funaki, Nunzio, Shannon Moore, Jimmy Wang Yang, Jamie Noble. , and Dominoes .
On the day of her death, she is said to have held her twin brother's hand as she walked to his death.
The Suite Life of Zack and Cody In 2005, Song landed the role of spoiled heiress London Tipton in the Disney Channel Original Series, The Suite Life of Zack and Cody.
Daughtry was born in Roanoke Rapids, North Carolina and raised in Lasker, North Carolina until he was 14 years old.
The two largest, Jupiter and Saturn, are composed primarily of hydrogen and helium; the two outermost planets, Uranus and Neptune, are composed largely of ice, such as water, ammonia and methane, and are often referred to separately as the “ice giants”.
They are the descendants of the Trojan and refugee prince Aeneas, and are fathered by the god Mars or the demigod Hercules on a royal vestal virgin, Rhea Silvia -LRB- also known as Ilia -RRB-, whose uncle exposes them to die in the wild.
Sainte-Cécile-les-Vignes is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.
Hurricanes Kathleen, Liza and Madeline were the most notable storms this year.
In May 1745, Le Breton announced that the work was available for sale, but to his dismay Mills had not done the work he had been commissioned to do; in fact, he could barely read and write French and didn't even own a copy of Cyclopaedia.
The highest percentage at 36.9% earns between $15,000 and $24,999 per year.
It was disappointing at the box office, opening outside the Top 10 at No. 12 with $2.64 million for its first weekend, grossing less than $7 million in total during its entire theatrical run.
Under the Windows operating system, a file is considered a text file if the filename suffix -LRB- and the extension'' -RRB- is ''txt''.
The characteristics of Fraktur are:
Peter -LRB- Piotr -RRB- Alexeyevich Kropotkin -LRB- -RRB- -LRB- December 9, 1842 - February 8, 1921 -RRB- was a geographer, zoologist and one of Russia's foremost anarchists.
July 18 & ndash; Tokhtamysh-Timur War: Battle of the Kondurcha River & ndash; Timur defeats Tokhtamysh of the Golden Horde in present-day southeastern Russia.
In 1982, Iraq was on the defensive and looking for ways to end the war.
The genus contains about 450 species, which are mostly found in cooler areas of the northern hemisphere, although there are tropical species from areas as far apart as Madagascar and Hawaii.
Archivists tend to prefer the term "archives" -LRB- with an S -RRB- as the correct terminology for use in both singular and plural, since "archive", as a noun or verb, has related meanings to computing.
Mount Price, formerly known as Red Mountain, is a dormant stratovolcano located on the western shore of Lake Garibaldi in Garibaldi Provincial Park, roughly north of Vancouver, British Columbia.
Adiabatic compression or expansion more closely models real life when a compressor has good insulation, large gas volume, or a short time scale -LRB- i.e. high power level -RRB -.
Abu Thabid II was replaced the same year by his brother, Abul Hadjdjadj I. Konrad von Jungingen succeeded Konrad von Wallenrode as Grand Master of the Teutonic Knights.
The Egyptian government continues to be controlled by rebel leader Berkuk.
The PasiphaÃ'' cluster is believed to have formed when Jupiter captured an asteroid which then broke apart after a collision.
The National Air and Space Museum -LRB-NASM -RRB- at the Smithsonian Institution is a museum in Washington, DC, United States, and is the most popular of the Smithsonian museums.
Crémarest is a French commune in the department of Pas-de-Calais in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region.
They were built by Metropolitan-Vickers in 1953–1954 for use on the Woodhead Line between Manchester and Sheffield.
The album features performances from Kirk Hammett, Chubb Rock, Chali 2na, Mos Def, Damian Marley and Adam Levine.
Peter Fechter -LRB- January 14, 1944 – August 17, 1962 -RRB- was a German bricklayer from Berlin in what became East Germany in 1945 , who , at the age of eighteen , became one of the guards' first victims. borders of the Berlin Wall trying to cross into what was then West Berlin.
The piece was the winner of the Southeastern Center for Contemporary Art's 'Awards in the Visual Arts' competition, which is sponsored in part by the National Endowment for the Arts, a United States government agency that provides support and funding to artists. projects.
Jean FrÃ dÃ ric Bazille -LRB- December 6, 1841 â '' November 28, 1870 -RRB- was a French impressionist painter whose major works often feature the figure in a landscape painted in the open air.
''The current list of liberal democracies includes: Andorra, Argentina, ..., Cyprus, ..., Israel, ...'' The Prime Minister is the head of government and the Knesset is the legislative body of Israel. .
Under the command of the Pir of Plasi Mohammed Ali Shah, they had fought against the Sikh army at Balakot - the troops here were commanded by Seyed Shah Ismail Shahid and Syed Ahmad Shaheed -LRB- known as ''The Martyrs'' - RRB-.
Mythology In Greek mythology, Sagittarius is identified as a centaur, half-human, half-horse.
It is also the capital of the entity of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, as well as the center of the canton of Sarajevo.
Elettaria -LRB- commonly called cardamom, green cardamom, or true cardamom -RRB- is distributed from India to Malaysia.
Its name means ''Elsa Valley Hill'', where ''Elsa'' is the name of the river that crosses it.
These movements are collectively called the Radical Reformation.
Atlanta, Georgia, USA
1920 & ndash; The first commercial radio station, 8MK -LRB- WWJ -RRB-, begins operations in Detroit, Michigan.
Before entering West Point, Poe returned to Baltimore for a time, to stay with his widowed aunt Maria Clemm, her daughter, Virginia Eliza Clemm -LRB-, Poe's first cousin -RRB-, her brother Henry and her grandmother invalidates Elizabeth. Cairnes Poe.
Its capital is Lilongwe, the second largest city is Blantyre.
Elsewhere, Hurricane Rosa caused several casualties in Mexico as the only tropical storm or hurricane to make landfall in the basin.
James ''Jim'' -LRB- or ''Jimmy'' -RRB- Clark, Jr. . OBE -LRB- March 4, 1936 – April 7, 1968 -RRB- was a British Formula One racing driver from Scotland, who won two World Championships, in 1963 and 1965.
Seguin represented Canada at the 2009 Ivan Hlinka Memorial Tournament in the Czech Republic, where he led the team in points with ten points in four games as Canada won the gold medal.
Fercé-sur-Sarthe is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in northwestern France.
He is known as ''the Younger'' to distinguish him from his father, William Pitt the Elder, who was previously Prime Minister of Great Britain.
Here are Brahmagupta's rules: The sum of zero and a negative number is negative.
Soon, the emissive layer becomes negatively charged, while the conductive layer becomes rich in positively charged holes.
Indeed, abstract concepts elicit greater brain activity in the inferior frontal gyrus and middle temporal gyrus compared to concrete concepts when concrete concepts elicit greater activity in the posterior cingulate, precuneus, fusiform gyrus, and gyrus parahippocampal.
Dobrogea Wind Farm is a large wind energy project in the region of Dobrogea, Romania.
Digital forms of emoticons on the Internet were included in a proposal by Scott Fahlman of Carnegie Mellon University in a September 19, 1982 post.
In the 2007 NBA Draft, he was selected by the Milwaukee Bucks as their sixth overall pick.
Along with the peripheral nervous system, it plays a fundamental role in controlling behavior.
BÃ 1\/4 nzen is a municipality in the district of Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Bedford is a city in Trimble County, Kentucky, United States.
For subtractive combination of colors, as in mixing pigments or dyes, as in printing, the primaries normally used are cyan, magenta and yellow, although the red, yellow, blue set is popular among the artists.
They are currently managed by former Airdrieonians player and former Airdrie United Under 19 manager Jimmy Boyle.
Another large area of ​​steppe -LRB- grassland -RRB- is located in the central United States and western Canada.
Evolène is a commune in the district of Hérens in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
She celebrated her centenary on October 31, 2003.
John Winston Howard, AC -LRB- born July 26, 1939 -RRB- served as the 25th Prime Minister of Australia from March 11, 1996 to December 3, 2007.
From 1909 to 1922, the London and North Western Railway embarked on a project to electrify its inner London suburban network, encompassing lines from London Euston to Watford and the North London Railway from London Broad Street to Richmond, including branch lines such as Watford to Croxley Green -LRB- where a depot was built to house the -RRB- electrical units, and links to what was to become the London Underground network.
After the dark match, the pay-per-view event began with an in-ring segment featuring Raw General Manager William Regal and WWE Chairman Vince McMahon, who awarded the WWE Championship to Randy Orton due to John Cena's injury, which had caused Cena to vacate the title.
Karl Georg BÃ 1\/4 chner -LRB- October 17, 1813 - February 19, 1837 -RRB- was a German playwright and prose writer.
T.cerrejonensis
His publicist from 1963 to 1969 was Liz Carpenter, an alumnus of the University of Texas.
Thá há ''9X -LRB- literally meaning 9X Generation, often simply referred to as 9X -RRB- is a Vietnamese term used to describe people born in the 1990s.
It was launched in 1983, and research and development continued until June 30, 1991, eight years after its launch.
Holden is an Australian subsidiary of General Motors.
Roasting is suitable for slower cooking of meat in a larger whole piece.
Dixon is a city in Lee County, Illinois, United States.
If two teams are tied for the most points, the trophy goes to the team with the most wins.
Public basilicas begin to appear in Hellenistic cities in the 2nd century BC.
Henry IV -LRB- December 13, 1553 â '' May 14, 1610 -RRB- was King of France from 1589 to 1610 and King of Navarre from 1572 to 1610 .
The story is a Kipling fan favorite and is notable for its chilling and serious tone.
Although called tree shrews, they are not true -LRB- shrews although they were previously classified as Insectivores -RRB-, and not all species are necessarily tree-dwelling.
A multimeter or multitester, also known as a volt/ohmmeter or VOM, is an electronic measuring instrument that combines multiple measurement functions into a single unit.
Uniting Kashmiri Muslims on a common platform was a huge task following the deep divergence of political thought between Sheikh Mohammed Abdullah and Mir Waiz Mohammed Yusuf Shah who parted ways towards the end of the first session.
Werder Bremen is a German sports club best known for its football team playing in Bremen, in the northwestern German federal state of the same name.
Lee Kuan Yew, GCMG, CH -LRB- English name: Harry, ; POJ: LÃ Kong-i Ä u; born September 16, 1923; Lee Kwan-Yew -RRB- is also a Singaporean statesman.
It is bordered by Syria to the north and east, and Israel to the south.
Before the Cuban revolution of 1959, Guantanamo carnivals were famous in Cuba.
The Fabia was available in hatchback, estate -LRB- named Fabia Combi -RRB- and sedan -LRB- named Fabia Sedan -RRB- body styles while merging from 2007 into the second generation starting with the hatchback and while waiting for the new station wagon version.
Originally called Ville-Marie, or ''City of Mary'', the city takes its current name from Mont-Royal, Parc du Mont-Royal - Parc du Mont-Royal de Montréal or Parc du Mont-Royal the hill with three peaks located in the heart of the city, whose name was originally given to the island on which the city is located, or Mont Réal as it is written in Middle French, -LRB- Mont Royal in French current -RRB-.
José Carlos de Almeida, better known as Zé Carlos -LRB- born in Presidente Bernardes, State of São Paulo, on November 14, 1968 -RRB- is a Brazilian footballer.
Bruno Kreisky -LRB- January 22, 1911 July 29, 1990 -RRB- was Chancellor of Austria from 1970 to 1983.
bartleby.com, American Heritage Dictionary, Violence, accessed 8 January 2009.
Gager -LRB-/O1992/O-RRB- p. 18 They are sometimes discovered accompanied by small dolls or figurines -LRB- sometimes wrongly called ''Voodoo Dolls'' See for example Faraone in Magika Hiera -LRB-/O1991/O-RRB- , p. 4 etc -RRB-, which can also be pierced by nails.
Web of the City -LRB- originally published as Rumble -RRB- is the debut novel written by author Harlan Ellison.
1803 & ndash; Joseph Paxton, English gardener -LRB- d. 1865 -RRB-
The following year, when James Francis Edward was expelled and Louise Mary died of smallpox, Mary was very upset; according to Mary's close friend, Madame de Maintenon, Mary was "a model of desolation".
June 11 & ndash; King Wladislaus II of Poland
It is a nonprofit organization open to individuals who score at the 98th percentile or higher on a standardized, supervised IQ test or other approved intelligence test.
Between 1970 and 1973 he was principal conductor of the Vienna Symphony Orchestra.
Villemontoire is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France.
1933 & ndash; Jean-Paul Belmondo, French actor
Marvel Entertainment, Inc., a subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company, owns Marvel Publishing.SECInfo.com: ''Marvel Entertainment\/Inc.
The track was officially opened on September 3, 1922, with the inaugural race of the second Italian Grand Prix on September 10, 1922.
After signing with Reprise, the band set to work recording their first major album, Dookie.
Formerly one of the four largest lakes in the world with an area of ​​, the Aral Sea has been shrinking steadily since the 1960s after the rivers that fed it were diverted by irrigation projects from Soviet Union.
In seed plants, the ovule is the structure that gives rise to and contains the female reproductive cells.
The loudspeaker moves according to variations in an electrical signal and causes sound waves to propagate in a medium such as air or water.
2 and two can mean:
His first major success here was LodoÃska -LRB- 1791 -RRB- which was admired for its realistic heroism.
When Simon Mayo left Radio 1 for Radio Five Live in February 2001, Whiley's show was moved to a mid-morning slot.
It has long pointed ears and a square muzzle.
Schwarzenegger started bodybuilding at age 15.
Saxe-Eisenach took its final form in 1672, following the death of Frederick William III of Saxe-Altenburg and the division of his lands.
Sri Yukteswar Giri -LRB- also spelled Sriyukteswar Giri and Sriyukteshvar Giri -RRB- -LRB- 10 May 1855 – 9 March 1936 -RRB- is the monastic name of Priyanath Karar -LRB- also Preonath Karar -RRB- , the guru of Paramahansa Yogananda.
The original surname was spelled Greig, originally from Scotland.
The first two were Buddhist Rajputs and the last two Hindu Brahmins.
Magnetic flux is therefore the integral of the magnetic vector field B on a surface, and electric flux is defined similarly.
The lake is used for fishing and recreation, but has suffered some environmental degradation from Soviet-era agriculture.
It is part of Sioux City, IA & ndash; DO & ndash; SD Metropolitan Statistical Area.
In China, street vendors sell roasted silkworm pupae.
He was elected to the United States House of Representatives in 1870, serving from 1871 to 1879.
Recently, Brian Jacques worked with illustrator Alexi Natchev on a series of short picture books:
The rest of the soundtrack features various R&B tracks, including remakes of the Kool and the Gang classic 'Jungle Boogie' by artist French, and two instrumental pieces by film composer Don Harper.
She is the second woman elected to the United States Congress from Oklahoma and the first since 1921, when Alice Mary Robertson was elected to Congress and served one term from 1921 to 1923.
The town's only secondary road, the B1007, passes just south of the town center as Laindon Road, meets the A129 at Sun Corner, then continues north as Billericay's High Street and then Stock Road.
See also Horse hoof Commons: Horse hoof Archimedes' claw External links The anatomy of the horse's hoof The claws of the rat, also explains a lot about the claws of mammals in general.
2000 & ndash; Off the Ivory Coast, Kenya Airways Flight 431 crashes into the Atlantic Ocean, killing 169 people.
The site was launched on Labor Day, Monday, September 4, 1995, under the more prosaic title of ''Auction Web''; it was hosted on a site created by Omidyar to obtain information about the Ebola virus.
Wadi Mashi
In the 12th century, local government agencies called ''waterschappen'' -LRB- English ''water bodies'' -RRB- or ''hoogheemraadschappen'' -LRB- ''high habitation councils'' -RRB- began to appear , whose job was to maintain the water level and protect an area from flooding.
In the 'King's Cross' chapter, Dumbledore's spirit tells Harry that when Voldemort failed to kill baby Harry and disembodied, Harry became an unwitting Horcrux; Harry couldn't kill Voldemort while the Dark Lord's soul fragment was in Harry's body.
The Four Corners area is generally defined as a circle around the Four Corners monument located at .
Pedro Martínez de la Rosa -LRB- born February 24, 1971 in Barcelona, ​​Catalonia, Spain -RRB- is a Formula 1 driver who drove for the Sauber team in 2010 until he was replaced by Nick Heidfeld on September 14 before the Singapore Grand Prix.
Renal Failure or Renal Failure -LRB- formerly called Renal Failure or Chronic Renal Failure -RRB- describes a medical condition in which the kidneys fail to adequately filter toxins and waste from the blood.
A year after winning the 2008 Australian Grand Prix from pole position, Hamilton started the season opener from 18th on the grid after the McLaren team incurred a penalty for changing its gearbox faulty gears during qualifying.
She is one of the few dancers or actresses who can say they have danced with Gene Kelly, Fred Astaire, Mikhail Baryshnikov and Rudolf Nureyev.
The undated Orthodox Patriarch Meletius I of Alexandria succeeds Silvester.
Liverpool is a joint European Capital of Culture for 2008.
Chengdu, Suining, Nanchong, Dazhou, Ya'an, Abazhou and Liangshan all saw an increase of over 40% while Leshan, Neijiang, Luzhou, Meishan, Ziyang and Yibin saw an increase of over 20%.
The design of the apartments has also been improved to make them more aesthetically pleasing and functionally superior. ''
Vernon Castle -LRB- May 2, 1887 - February 15, 1918 -RRB- was born William Vernon Blyth in Norwich, Norfolk, England.
Piero Gobetti -LRB- June 19, 1901 - February 15, 1926 -RRB- was an Italian journalist, intellectual and radical liberal.
It should be noted that despite the title of the genre, the end result of a series of harems is never a real harem, that is, the main character never enters into a long-term relationship with all members of the harem.
In 1994 Rabin won the Nobel Peace Prize along with Shimon Peres and Yasser Arafat.
Blangy-sur-Ternoise is a French commune in the department of Pas-de-Calais in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region.
Their first child, Cayden Wyatt Costner, was born on May 6, 2007 in a hospital in Los Angeles.
It was written by lead singer Raine Maida.
IAUC 8116: Satellites of Jupiter and Saturn 2003 April -LRB- discovery -RRB- MPEC 2003-G17: S\/2003 J 15 2003 April -LRB- discovery and ephemeris -RRB-
Red and white are the colors of the city coat of arms, and black and white the colors of Prussia.
Biennials that are grown for their edible leaves or roots are grown as annuals, for example beets, Brussels sprouts, cabbage, carrots, celery, lettuce, parsley, and Swiss chard.
During his time as team manager, Stoddart campaigned for reduced costs in the sport.
In 1911 Seyss-Inquart met Gertrud Maschka.
populationof=popofyear=
The most common threats to the animal in Australia are motor vehicles and habitat destruction, which have led to localized extinction.
Elliott Cook Carter, Jr. -LRB- born December 11, 1908 -RRB- is a two-time Pulitzer Prize-winning American composer born and living in New York.
Mauve in Human Culture Nostalgia for the Decade The 1890s were sometimes called the "mauve decade" because mauveine, an aniline dye by William Henry Perkin, enabled the widespread use of this color in fashion .
Towards the end of the war, abolitionists feared that the Proclamation had freed most slaves as a measure of warfare, but had not made slavery illegal.
Although this biome is correctly called taiga, the term boreal forest is generally used to refer to the southernmost part of the biome, while the term taiga is more often used to describe only the most barren areas north of the boundary. arctic trees.
After financing the creation of the Federal Steel Company, he merged the Carnegie Steel Company and several other steel companies to form the United States Steel Corporation in 1901.
The cathode supplies electrons to the positively charged cations that flow to it from the electrolyte -LRB- even if the cell is galvanic, i.e. when the cathode is positive and should therefore repel the positively charged cations; this is because the electrode potential with respect to the electrolyte solution is different for the anode and cathode metal/electrolyte systems in a -RRB- galvanic cell.
Throughout the rest of the film, he is occasionally interrupted for Timon and Pumbaa to comment on everything that is happening.
Cantar may refer to:
A Mario rival first appeared in the 1985 game Wrecking Crew in the form of Spike, a construction foreman.
Adelaide -LRB- -RRB- is the capital and most populous city of the Australian state of South Australia, and is the fifth largest city in Australia.
The Prime Minister of New Zealand is the head of government in New Zealand as the leader of the party or coalition with majority support in the New Zealand Parliament.
After a successful junior career with the Laval Titan of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League, Sauvé was drafted by the Buffalo Sabers of the NHL in the 1st round -LRB- 17th overall -RRB- in the draft of 1975 NHL.
Classical civilizations including Assyrians, Hungarians, Persians, Parthians, Indians, Koreans, Chinese, and Japanese fielded large numbers of archers in their armies.
1915 -- 1920 Sir Thomas Beech, 2nd Baronet, CH -LRB- Music Adviser -RRB-
The floods caused extreme damage, estimated at over $5 billion -LRB- 1998 USD, $6.5 billion 2008 USD -RRB-.
Its terrain is relatively flat, with moors, plains and bogs to the west and higher, gently rolling terrain to the east.
Lea Fastow is from Houston, Texas, where she was born into a Jewish family that founded the grocery chain J. Weingarten Incorporated and Weingarten Realty Investors.
Lounsbery, affectionately known as 'Louns' by his fellow animators, was an incredibly strong cartoonist who inspired many animators over the years.
His jersey number was retired by the Bears, and he was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1993.
Born in Miami, Florida and educated at the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts, Oliver began her recording career on Capitol Records, with the album Make Music, before joining Atlantic Records to work with Ahmet Ertegun and Leon Huff.
At its maximum extent, it is approximately 140 km -LRB- 87 miles -RRB- long and 55 km -LRB- 34 miles -RRB- wide.
The show premiered on Teletoon Canada at 6:30 p.m. ET/PT on January 11, 2009.
The use of rainbow flags has a long tradition; they are displayed in many cultures around the world as a sign of diversity and inclusion, hope and nostalgia.
He scored his first goals for the club on August 1, 2010 in a 3-1 win over Bayern Munich in the 2010 LIGA Total Final!
The larva, known as the salt marsh caterpillar, is highly variable in color and ranges from pale yellow to dark brownish-black.
Taylor -LRB- song -RRB-, a song by Jack Johnson
Yut -LRB- sometimes romanized as nyout or yoot -RRB- is a traditional board game played in Korea, especially during Korean New Year.
The film won four Academy Awards: Best Cinematography; Best Score, Original Score for a Motion Picture -LRB- not a Musical -RRB-; Best Music, Song -LRB- Burt Bacharach and Hal David for ''Raindrops Keep Fallin' on My Head'' -RRB-; and Best Writing, Story and Screenplay Based on Unpublished or Previously Produced Material.
Info .
They usually didn't speak with high society unless it was work related.
Saint-Jean-de-Luz -LRB- Basque Donibane Lohizune -RRB- is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in southwestern France.
Sericulture has been practiced for at least 5,000 years in China, Korea and Japan.
September begins on the same day of the week as December each year, because there are 91 days separating September and December, which is a multiple of seven -LRB- the number of days in the week -RRB-.
Before the Nazi Party assumed the German government in 1933, the term Wehrmacht generically described a nation's "home defense" forces, analogous to the foreign war forces of the German Streitmacht, thus, the Britische Wehrmacht referred to the "British Defense Forces".
the end of the game , '' 1 â '' 0 '' means '' White has won , '' '' 0 â '' 1 '' means '' Black has won '' and '' 1\/2 â '' Â 1\/2 '' indicates a draw.
It is the state bird of Kansas, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota, Oregon and Wyoming.
It is also the international standard notation for time -LRB- ISO 8601 -RRB-.
The ancient Britons were, however, involved in extensive trade and cultural links with the rest of Europe from the Neolithic period, particularly in the export of tin which was in abundance.
Over the Limit is a professional wrestling event produced annually by World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB-, a Connecticut-based promotion, and broadcast live and available only through pay-per-view -LRB- PPV - RRB-.
The V-2 -LRB- -RRB- rocket was, according to Nazi rocket program chief Walter Dornberger, the world's first ballistic missile and the first human artifact to achieve sub-orbital spaceflight, Peenemuende, Walter Dornberger, Moewig , Berlin 1985 .
1884 & ndash; Ralph Benatzky, Czech composer -LRB- d. 1957 -RRB-
Boron -LRB- Ë bÉ '' É rÉ 'n -RRB- is the chemical element with atomic number 5 and chemical symbol B. Boron is a metalloid.
William-Adolphe Bouguereau -LRB- November 30, 1825 - August 19, 1905 -RRB- was a French academic painter.
A typical open-wheeler has a minimal cockpit sufficient only to enclose the rider's body, with the head exposed to the air.
Peter Michael Falk -LRB- born September 16, 1927 -RRB- is a retired American actor, best known for his role as Lieutenant Columbo in the television series Columbo.
Although the Toronto Star described it as "a lesbian-friendly track", whether homophobia fueled negative reactions to the song or the song itself seemed to divide critics.
27.00% of all households were made up of individuals and 12.80% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.
Afon, the Welsh word for river, often anglicized to 'avon'.
He is best known for his brilliant dribbling abilities.
In 1886, a group of teachers of French and British languages, led by the French linguist Paul Passy, ​​formed what would be known from 1897 as the International Phonetic Association -LRB- in French, l'-RRB- .
Red Hat Linux split into Fedora Core and Red Hat Enterprise Linux.
Ogg is a free and open standard container format maintained by the Xiph.Org Foundation.
The last film shot in Clunes is Jerrycan, a 13 minute film by Julius Avery.
Sodium carbonate decahydrate is stable at room temperature but recrystallizes at only 32°C to sodium carbonate heptahydrate, Na2CO3 7H2O, then above 37°C to sodium carbonate monohydrate, Na2CO3 H2O.
The book was previously adapted into a 1973 feature film starring Ingrid Bergman, later released on home video as The Hideaways.
Although it has been described as the smallest nation in the world, Sealand is not currently officially recognized as a sovereign state by any sovereign state.
Beaumettes is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.
When William Ellis visited in 1823, the main settlement in the Hilo District was WaiÄkea on the south shore of Hilo Bay.
The wild ancestors of Malus domestica are Malus sieversii, found growing wild in the mountains of Central Asia south to Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan and Xinjiang, China, and possibly also Malus sylvestris.
Benetice is a small village near the town of Sv tlá nad Sázavou in the Vyso ina region, Czech Republic.
Dallas Cowboys Ring of Honor
Initially , vigorous convection persisted along the entire wave axis , although dry air greatly reduced convection on July 28 .
George Gordon Byron, 6th Baron Byron, later George Gordon Noel, 6th Baron Byron, FRS -LRB- 22 January 1788 – 19 April 1824 -RRB-, commonly known simply as Lord Byron, was an English poet and figure figurehead of romanticism.
1972 & ndash; Rhodesia is expelled by the IOC for its racist policy.
Zeus, Hera, Poseidon, Demeter, Athena, Dionysus, Apollo, Artemis, Ares, Aphrodite, Hephaestus and Hermes.
Another possible reason is that there was a house named Ye Anciente Everton Toffee House in nearby Village Street, Everton, run by Ma Bushell. The Caramel House was located near the Queen's Head Hotel where the club's first meetings were held.
Pongo -- orangutans
The Portuguese chronicler Domingo Paes praises Krishna Deva Raya as "the most feared and perfect king... a great ruler and a man of much justice".
During these years he was also the voice of Jesus on the original recording of Jesus Christ's 1970 album Superstar.
Thomas Stamford Raffles, English founder of Singapore -LRB- d. 1826 -RRB-
The term Paleolithic was coined by archaeologist John Lubbock in 1865.
Mikhail Tal -LRB-; , Michail Nechem ` evi Tal , ; sometimes transliterated Mihails Tals or Mihail Tal; November 9, 1936 & ndash; June 28, 1992 -RRB- was a Soviet & ndash; Latvian chess player, grandmaster and eighth world chess champion.
The number of words per sentence and the percentage of unknown words determine the reading age.
Kingston upon Hull, commonly referred to as Hull, is a town and unitary authority area in the ceremonial county of the East Riding of Yorkshire, England.
Hittorf was the first to calculate the electricity-carrying capacity of charged atoms and molecules -LRB- ions -RRB-, an important factor in understanding electrochemical reactions.
It was the largest of the German concentration camps, consisting of Auschwitz I -LRB- the Stammlager or base camp -RRB-; Auschwitz II-Birkenau -LRB- the Vernichtungslager or extermination camp -RRB-; Auschwitz III-Monowitz, also known as Buna-Monowitz -LRB- a labor camp -RRB-; and 45 satellite camps.
Henry I may refer to:
Economy In the past, the main source of income for the inhabitants was agriculture, but later in the 18th century line weaving became increasingly important.
For example, fuel oil #2, distillate #2 and diesel fuel oil #2 are almost the same thing -LRB- diesel is different in that it also has a cetane number limit which describes the fuel ignition quality -RRB - .
Tropical Storm Ingrid was a weak tropical storm that existed in September 2007.
A line slightly longer than the note is drawn parallel to the staff, above or below, spaced the same distances as the notes inside the staff -LRB- see Figure 1 -RRB-.
Belleu is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France.
However, since 1952 there has been the Sarah Siddons Award for Dramatic Achievement in the Theatre: a genuine and prestigious award, named in Siddons' honour.
Although she shared this position with her husband, she used most of her power herself.
As early as 1997, there were plans to host an Indian Grand Prix in Calcutta.
It is bordered by the states of Nayarit to the northwest, Zacatecas, Aguascalientes and San Luis Potosí to the north, Guanajuato to the east, and Colima and Michoacín to the south.
Kim Jung-Woo -LRB-, born May 9, 1982 -RRB-, Korea University, is a South Korean footballer who since 2010 Gwangju Sangmu Phoenix.
Vendin-làs B thune is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in France.
They believed that the world belonged equally to everyone and that suffering was caused by false judgments about what was of value and by the worthless customs and conventions that surrounded society.
E flat minor is its direct enharmonic equivalent.
Debby Ryan -LRB- born May 13, 1993 in AlabamaDebby Ryan Disney Channel.
This area is largely unknown, and very few species are known to live here -LRB- in the open -RRB- areas.
The film was written by Maya Forbes & Wallace Wolodarsky, from a story by Ryan Jaffe, and directed by Peter Cattaneo.
By the 1660s cooking had become an art form and good cooks were in demand.
Le` Ron McClain -LRB- born December 27, 1984 -RRB- is an American football guard for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League.
Lucius Vitellius defeats Artaban II of Parthia in favor of another pretender to the throne, Tiridates III.
Such art was banned on the grounds that it was non-German or Bolshevik Jewish in nature, and those identified as degenerate artists were subject to punishment.
Text version of the famous 11th edition of the Britannica.
The swan in the middle comes from the county of Steinfurt, the district center.
William I of Scotland is captured by Ranulf de Glanvill at the Battle of Alnwick -LRB- 1174 -RRB-, and Henry II of England occupies part of Scotland.
The five-tier Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium, worth around 2 billion rand -LRB- of approximately $159 million -RRB-, was built overlooking the North End Lake in the heart of the city.
Rot-Wei in Oberhausen saw three of its players selected for Germany.
March 10 -- Louise of Mecklenburg-Strelitz, Queen of Prussia -LRB- d. 1810 -RRB-
The Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine -LRB-; -RRB- is the parliament of Ukraine.
Molasses is a viscous by-product of processing sugar cane or sugar beets into sugar.
She reiterated Amun's support by having these proclamations of the god Amun engraved on her monuments:
Jerzy Karol Buzek -LRB- born July 3, 1940 -RRB- is a Polish engineer, lecturer and politician.
Lieutenant Commander Worf, played by Michael Dorn, is a main character in both Star Trek: The Next Generation and Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, as well as the films based on The Next Generation.
Human women are called women and their bodies are different from men's.
Boutros Boutros-Ghali -LRB- Arabic: , Coptic: B - -RRB- -LRB- born November 14, 1922 -RRB- is an Egyptian diplomat who was the sixth Secretary General of the United Nations -LRB- UN -RRB- from January 1992 to December 1996.
His best-known book was Seduction of the Innocent -LRB- 1954 -RRB-, which claimed that comic books are dangerous for children.
Michael James Hegstrand -LRB- September 12, 1957 - October 19, 2003 -RRB- was an American professional wrestler.
Milford is a city in Dickinson County, Iowa, United States.
The capital and second largest city of the United Arab Emirates is Abu Dhabi.
Its missions include the operation of passenger and freight rail services, the maintenance and signaling of rail infrastructure owned by Réseau Ferré de France -LRB- RFF -RRB-.
It is located on the Northern Line between Oval and Clapham North, and on the Victoria Line between Brixton and Vauxhall.
Jackson may even have enjoyed the subversive impact of her work, as evidenced by Hyman's statement that she "has always been proud that the Union of South Africa has banned the lottery" and she felt that at least they understood the story. ''.
Traffic on the M6 ​​motorway has been slowed down due to poor traffic conditions.
They became nationally known after tennis player Gustavo Kuerten said he was a supporter of Avaí.
The oldest trees are determined by growth rings, visible if the tree is felled, or by cores taken from the bark to the center of the tree.
The idea of ​​the workhouse for the able-bodied poor was first suggested in 1576.
Place the 7 on the CI scale above the 2 on the D scale, then read the result on the D scale, below the 1 on the CI scale.
Ariel Rubinstein -LRB- Hebrew: -RRB- -LRB- born April 13, 1951 -RRB- is an Israeli economist who works in game theory.
Of course, this page should not replace compliments directly on their talk pages or article talk pages.
On January 1, 2010, the new FIDE rating list was released, and at the age of he became the youngest chess player in history to be ranked world number one, breaking the record previously held by Vladimir Kramnik .
Their eldest son, Ranuccio was not yet old enough to rule the duchy alone so his mother, Margherita acted as regent until her son was old enough to rule alone.
Sometimes the word is used to refer to the larval stage of any insect.
In 1947, he was appointed assistant lecturer in music at the University of Cambridge, then lecturer -LRB-/O1952/O-RRB- and professor -LRB-/O1962/O-RRB-.
Defamation can occur when one party -LRB- the prospective defendant if a case advances -RRB- writes or says something that is untrue about a second party -LRB- plaintiff -RRB- so that a third party ''receives'' the communication, and the communication of false information is detrimental to the applicant''.
The Jargon File of hackers' loreJargon File, version 4.4.6, October 25, 2003 describes an idiomatic usage of the term:
All songs were written by Angus Young, Malcolm Young and Bon Scott.
Students can take courses in music, opera, theater and technical theater arts.
Since 2003 , McAllister has been the leader of the CDU parliamentary party group in the Lower Saxony Parliament , of which he has been a member since 1998 .
Françoise Madeleine d'Orlàans -LRB- b.1648-d.1664 -RRB-, daughter of her maternal uncle Gaston, Duke of Orléans and younger brother of her mother Christine Marie.
King Valdemar II and Archbishop Andreas Sunonis attack the island of Saaremaa, Estonia, forcing the islanders into submission.
Kirby, ON
When two or more vaccines are mixed in the same formulation, the two vaccines can interfere. This most often occurs with live attenuated vaccines, where one component of the vaccine is more robust than the others and suppresses growth and immune response to the other components.
Anténor Lucas, better known as Brandãozinho -LRB- born in Campinas, Brazil, June 9, 1925 & ndash; died in São Paulo, Brazil on April 4, 2000 -RRB- was a Brazilian football defender.
This was postponed due to concerns about possible negative effects on the second round of the presidential election in Serbia on 3 February 2008 and the possible signing of the Stabilization and Association Agreement with Serbia on that date.
Épineu-le-Chevreuil is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in northwestern France.
Selected as part of the third group of fourteen astronauts in 1963, he completed two spaceflights.
Vessels carry one or more temporary anchors which may be of different designs and weights.
Statistical process control can be broadly broken down into three sets of activities: understanding the process, understanding the causes of variation, and eliminating special cause sources of variation.
The family Ursidae belongs to the order Carnivora and is one of nine families in the suborder Caniformia, or "dog-like" carnivorans.
Twins are common in many animal species, such as cats, sheep, ferrets, and deer.
In mathematics, a divisor of an integer, also called a factor, is an integer that divides evenly without leaving a remainder.
Nicknames were assigned to them and sellers assigned rarity values ​​to them.
On September 17, it was upgraded to a tropical depression by the Indian Meteorological Department -LRB- but not by the JTWC -RRB-, and on September 18, it became Cyclonic Storm Pyarr.
Referee Valentin Ivanov issued a total of 16 yellow cards and four red cards in this game, a World Cup record.
February 11 & ndash; General Eisenhower is chosen to command the Allied armies in Europe.
Leslie gives Jesse an art kit for his birthday, much to his delight.
Groups for which the equation a â cents b = b â cents a still holds are called abelians -LRB- in honor of Niels Abel -RRB-. Thus, the integer addition group is abelian, but the symmetry group in the next section is not.
Mifi, identichnost i politika v Zakavkazye'', Moscow, Academkniga, 2003 Thomas de Waal, Black Garden, chapter ''Urekavank'', in Russian, 2005 She is the author of numerous research papers, articles and books on ancient and medieval history of Azerbaijan.
Physical experiments determined a half-life of approximately 16 h while chemical experiments provided a value of approximately 32 h/O. The half-life is often assumed to be ~28 h due to the higher number of atoms detected by chemical means. It is the longest-lived transactinide isotope and reflects the stability of closed shells Z=108 and N=162 and the effect of odd particles in nuclear decay.
The cave's soft, clay soil retains the paw prints of cave bears as well as large rounded depressions believed to be the "nests" where the bears slept.
Eukaryotic cells comprise a variety of membrane-bound structures, collectively called the endomembrane system.
He said the Chinese stance underlined the ''strong resentment'' felt by his audience towards drug traffickers, partly based on ''the bitter memory of history'' & ndash; a reference to the Opium Wars.
The sea slug Glaucus atlanticus also feeds on the Portuguese man-of-war, as does the purple snail Janthina janthina.
The nasab of Yusuf -LRB- nicknamed ''al-Ahmar'', meaning ''the Red'' -RRB-, the common ancestor of all Nasrid Sultans, is depicted below.
After a call from a local chess official, in 1928 he was admitted to the mathematics department of Leningrad University.
Moorhead is a city in Monona County, Iowa, United States.
Nicolas Grimal, A History of Ancient Egypt, Blackwell Books: 1992, pp.256-257 However, the prospect of a new protracted conflict between the two states finally persuaded their rulers, Hatusili III and Ramses to end their dispute and to sign a peace treaty.
In 1984, Brian Bellows was named interim captain of the Minnesota North Stars when Craig Hartsburg was injured, and is the youngest player to captain a team in NHL history.
In the United States, French lavender syrup and dried lavender buds are used to make lavender scones and marshmallows.
Lappion is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France.
Molecular biology researchers use specific techniques native to molecular biology -LRB- see the Techniques section later in the article -RRB- , but increasingly combine them with techniques and ideas from genetics and biochemistry.
Gingerbread was introduced to Europe in 992 by the Armenian monk Gregory of Nicopolis -LRB- Gregory Makar -RRB- -LRB- Gregory of Nicopolis -RRB-.
The term heterodox is sometimes used by some Christians to refer to themselves when they disagree with orthodox understandings, but express this disagreement while maintaining the overall value of the tradition.
1832 & ndash; Lewis Carroll, English author -LRB- d. 1898 -RRB-
1925 & ndash; Mike Douglas, American artist -LRB- d. 2006 -RRB-
The product was originally developed by Momofuku Ando as Cup Noodle.
Sportcity Manchester is a sports district in East Manchester, which rose to prominence as the host of the 2002 Commonwealth Games.
The Maya are a Mesoamerican civilization, known for the only known fully developed written language of the pre-Columbian Americas, as well as for their art, architecture, and mathematical and astronomical systems.
Kanfen is a commune in the Moselle department in Lorraine in northeastern France.
Arbanats is a commune in the Gironde department in southwestern France.
It adjoins the ceremonial counties of Cheshire -LRB- to the northwest -RRB-, Derbyshire -LRB- to the east -RRB-, Leicestershire -LRB- to the east -RRB-, Warwickshire -LRB- to the southeast -RRB-, West Midlands -LRB- to the south -RRB-, Worcestershire -LRB- to the south -RRB- and Shropshire -LRB- to the west -RRB-.
The only significant river in the province is the Dajabín River, also known as Masacre -LRB- from French Massacre -RRB-.
Robert White, Ruairí Ó Brádaigh, The Life and Politics of an Irish Revolutionary, pp.
At 22, he opened the Empire Sporting Club with Jack Barrow at Gramercy Gym.
A colloquialism is an expression common in everyday unconstrained conversation rather than in formal speech, academic writing, or paralinguistics.
Arrien -LRB- -RRB- is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in southwestern France.
28.5% of the houses were completely destroyed and 44.7% damaged.
Abuse rates in body dysmorphic disorder and obsessive compulsive disorder.
He also posted seven playoff shutouts.
A common year is a common type of calendar year. It has exactly 365 days and is therefore not a leap year.
7,542 people lived in the commune of Gunnedah in 2006, including 931 indigenous people -LRB- 12.3% -RRB-.
Not to be confused with the more famous and higher Feldberg in the Black Forest, the highest peak is Grosser Feldberg -LRB- 878 m, which was also used for the Feldbergrennen climbing competition and rallying stages -RRB- .
Matchbox Twenty has twice been nominated for Best Rock Album at the Grammy Awards, for Mad Season in 2001 and 2004's More Than You Think You Are.
During Mysterio's entrance, POD played Mysterio's musical entrance live.
The index has further been criticized for its inappropriate treatment of income, its lack of year-to-year comparability, and its different assessment of development in different groups of countries.
In 1696 Wesley's father was appointed rector of Epworth.
Kardigap
She Loves Me - Book by Joe Masteroff, music by Jerry Bock, lyrics by Sheldon Harnick.
The Forest Dormouse -LRB- Dryomys nitedula -RRB- is a species of rodent in the family Gliridae found in Eastern Europe, the Balkans and parts of Western Central Asia.
Forcalquier is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.
QQ 24 In April 2010, QQ.com ranked 10th overall on Alexa.
Originally established during the Pre-Classic period -LRB- c. From 2000 BC to 250 AD -RRB-, according to Mesoamerican chronology, many Maya cities reached their highest level of development during the Classic period -LRB- c. 250 AD to 900 AD -RRB-, and continued through the Post-Classic period until the arrival of the Spaniards.
Origins The Carolingian lower case was the direct ancestor of the black letter.
History and background of songwriters Songwriters may perform the songs they write themselves, or they may write for someone else to perform.
It was inspired by Lennon's memories of playing in the garden of a Salvation Army house named ''Strawberry Field'' near his childhood home.
Franz Ferdinand is a rock band formed in Glasgow, Scotland in 2002.
Since the 20th century, the field of professional astronomy has split into observational and theoretical branches.
Gorj -LRB- -RRB- is a -LRB-jude -RRB- county of Romania, in Oltenia, with its capital in Târgu Jiu.
Rolling stock The Munich U-Bahn uses three different generations of electric multiple-unit trains.
Bremen is a city in Muhlenberg County, Kentucky, United States.
Useful plants are grown for consumption -LRB- vegetables, fruits, herbs and leafy vegetables -RRB- or for medicinal use.
Louise to Lisabeth of France -LRB- Marie Louise to Lisabeth; August 14, 1727 â ''December 6, 1759 -RRB- was the eldest daughter of King Louis XV of France and his queen consort, Maria LeszczyÅ ska, and the elder twin sister of Anne Henriette of France.
Breccia -LRB- or, -RRB- is a rock composed of broken fragments of minerals or rock cemented together by a fine-grained matrix, which may be similar or different in composition from the fragments.
Hercules discovers that Alcmene was ill and Zeus offers to make up for the hard times by giving her immortality and taking her to live with him on Mount Olympus.
Calc also supports a wide range of other file formats, both for opening and saving files, such as CSV, HTML, SXC, DBF, DIF, UOF, SLK, SDC and others.
Cervical cancer is a malignant cancer of the cervix or cervical region.
Henrik Dam -LRB- Full name Carl Peter Henrik Dam -RRB- -LRB- February 21, 1895 - April 17, 1976 -RRB- was a Danish biochemist and physiologist.
Calvin gave himself and Hobbes important positions in the club, Calvin being ''Dictator-for-Life'' and Hobbes being ''President-and-First-Tiger''.
Takuya Miyamoto is a Japanese footballer who currently plays for Montedio Yamagata.
When the white form is exposed to sunlight or when heated in its own vapor to 250°C, it is transmuted into the red form, which does not chemiluminescent in air.
Good is the first album recorded by Boston alternative trio Morphine.
As part of its mission to grant land, the USU strives to provide access to education for as many people as possible.
Crofton, British Columbia, Canada, is a small coastal town that is part of the North Cowichan District on Vancouver Island in British Columbia.
NÃ 1\/4 rnberg Hauptbahnhof is a stop for IC and ICE trains on the German long-distance rail network.
When in 1939 the German invasion of Poland began, the government in Danzig declared Danzig as part of Germany and the Free City was abolished.
Whether or not he wrote the first mass based on The Armed Man, his was by far the most influential; Obrecht's mass, for example, closely parallels Busnois's staging and even Dufay's mass quotes directly from it.
Troy was directed by Wolfgang Petersen and written by David Benioff.
Cassini's flyby path makes it difficult to interpret magnetic readings.
This was reiterated in 2007 Comic Con where Joss said he would "absolutely be coming back to this world".
It remained the lowest crossing of the river until the construction of the Kincardine Bridge further downstream in the 1930s.
The word guy therefore came in the 19th century to refer to a weirdly dressed person, and thus in the 20th and 21st centuries to refer to any male person.
Pop-punk band Four Year Strong covered the song on their 90s cover album ''Explains It All''. ''
The guy Jungle Jim
Le Temple is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Within hours they managed to take control of many parts of Vienna, including the Ministry of the Interior -LRB- controlling the police -RRB-.
A group of meerkats is called a ''mob'', ''gang'' or ''clan''.
The asteroid belt or asteroid field is an area between the planets Jupiter and Mars, which is completely covered with
His only brother, James Franklin Carver, was born in 1943.
There are a total of 146 episodes in this series.
The British Rail Class 332 is the type of multi-unit electric train used on the Heathrow Express between London Paddington Station and Heathrow Airport.
Saint-Martin-de-Mieux is a commune in the Calvados department of the Lower Normandy region in northwestern France.
Microsoft attributed the sales success of Windows 98 in part to Windows Update.
On May 30, 1926, Tagore reached Naples, Italy; he met fascist dictator Benito Mussolini in Rome the next day.
Turn-und Sportverein München von 1860, commonly referred to as TSV 1860 München or 1860 Munich, is a German sports club based in Munich, Bavaria.
So, for example, an earthquake that measures 5.0 on the Richter scale has a shaking amplitude 10 times greater than an earthquake that measures 4.0.
Gould and Gilbert arrived at Hobart on the Parsee on September 19, 1838.
Em -LRB- Ð Ð 1\/4; italic: Ð Ð 1\/4 -RRB- is a letter of the Cyrillic alphabet.
Corner parking is very common in parking lots. It can also be used in curbside parking lots in the United States where there is more width available for parking cars than would be required for parallel car parking, as it creates a greater number of parking spaces.
The city -LRB- commune -RRB- of Versailles, located in the western suburbs of Paris, 17.1 km -LRB- 10.6 km -RRB- from the center of Paris, is the prefecture -LRB- capital - RRB- from the Yvelines department.
UCSB's faculty includes five Nobel laureates, one Fields Medalist, 29 members of the National Academy of Sciences, 27 members of the National Academy of Engineering, and 23 members of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. science.
Massimo Cellino
Leicester -LRB-, -RRB- is a city and unitary authority area in the East Midlands region of England.
Mullan also has its own fire department.
1746 & ndash; Carlo Buonaparte, father of Napoleon Bonaparte -LRB- d. 1785 -RRB-
His anger is quickly dissipated by Barbarina -LRB-, a peasant girl, the daughter of Antonio -RRB-, who publicly recalls that he had once offered to give her everything she wanted, and asks for Cherubino's hand in wedding.
1902 & ndash; Werner Heyde, German psychiatrist -LRB- d. 1964 -RRB-
French Polynesia -LRB- , -RRB- is a French overseas collectivity located in the southern Pacific Ocean.
In the United States, the ''Land of Hope and Glory'' Trio section of March No. 1 is sometimes known simply as ''Pomp and Circumstance'' or as ''The Graduation March'', and is played as the tuned processional at virtually every high school and college graduation ceremony.
The Vienna Symphony Orchestra -LRB- -RRB- is an orchestra from Vienna, Austria.
Carbon entering rock formations has a ratio of Carbon-13 -LRB- 13C -RRB- to Carbon-12 -LRB- 12C -RRB- of approximately â ' 5.5 -LRB- in units of Î 13C -RRB - , where due to a preferential biotic absorption of 12C , the biomass has a 13C Î between â ' 20 and â ' 30 .
These principles will therefore govern Voice of America -LRB-VOA -RRB- broadcasts.
It also shares a short border with the Brazilian Federal District.
Cultural aspects Many rituals and beliefs are associated with basil.
Israel has never acknowledged or denied having a weapons program, and Vanunu was abducted and smuggled into Israel, where he was tried behind closed doors and convicted of treason and espionage.
Port-au-Prince is one of the largest economic and financial centers in the country.
The discography of the English rock band Pink Floyd consists of 14 studio albums -LRB- including a mix of live and studio -RRB-, three live albums -LRB- not including the mixed album -RRB-, six compilations, three box sets, an EP, 26 singles, 10 music videos and four video albums.
A web browser is computer software.
See also: Yatton, Herefordshire
However, it was decided that Taylor would replace Colsefni and he was later transferred to backing vocals.
Justin Raymond Hoyte -LRB- born November 20, 1984 in Waltham Forest, England -RRB- is an English footballer who currently plays for Middlesbrough.
This time Ipswich established themselves in Division 2 and, as division champions, won promotion to English football's top tier, Division 1, in 1960–61.
Montreal , Canada -- Lake Placid , Albany , USA Officials from Quebec and New York State met to discuss the possibility of a joint bid between these two cities given the proximity that unites them .
Rotor may refer to:
In the late 1970s he began working for record producer and songwriter Mike Post.
Bangladesh consists of a number of administrative areas called -LRB-bibhag-RRB-divisions, each named after its respective capital city.
Austin American-Stateman, April 15, 1997.
Confrancon is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Anton, eldest son of Antoinette and Arthur Anton, was born and raised in Omaha, Nebraska.
, the city has a population of c. 88,000, of which about 50,000 live in the urban center and the rest in the surrounding areas.
Alex -LRB- 1976 -- September 6, 2007 -RRB- was an African gray parrot and the subject of a thirty-year -LRB- 1977 - 2007 -RRB- experiment by animal psychologist Irene Pepperberg, initially at the University of Arizona and later at Harvard and Brandeis University.
Michael Joseph ''Mick'' McCarthy -LRB- born February 7, 1959 -RRB- is a former international footballer who is currently the manager of Premier League club Wolverhampton Wanderers, for which he has been in charge since July 2006.
Nouakchott attractions include the Nouakchott Museum, several markets including the Nouakchott Silver Market, and the beaches.
Villaines-la-Gonais is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays-de-la-Loire region in northwestern France.
Juan Diego Flórez was born in Lima, Peru on January 13, 1973, where his father, Rubén Flórez, was a noted guitarist and singer of Peruvian popular and criolla music.
Paterson's original lyrics made a direct reference to "drowning", which the tea company considered too negative.
Liquids are relatively incompressible, while some can be compressed, the primary action of a pump is to pressurize and transport liquids.
Another widely recognized feature of the movement is the Scout uniform, intentionally masking any differences in social status within a country and promoting equality, with a neckerchief and campaign hat or comparable headgear.
is a Japanese football player who plays for Ehime FC in the J. League Division 2.
In its most generic sense, the word earthquake is used to describe any seismic event – ​​whether a natural phenomenon or a man-made event – ​​that generates seismic waves.
Petroglyphs and pictographs can be parietal, i.e. on the walls of a cave or a rock shelter, in the open air -LRB-, i.e. they are made on exposed natural outcrops -RRB- or on monuments that are made on consciously deposited stones.
The territory may be large enough to contain some young adults who stay with their parents until they establish their own territory.
Cetartiodactyls
Rey County is a county in Tehran Province in Iran.
The score before the last game was therefore 5-''4 for Schlechter.
Survivor: The Amazon is the sixth season of the American reality television show Survivor.
Other works include The Passion of the Christ -LRB- 1914 -RRB- by Sir Arthur Somervell, St. Mark's Passion by Charles Wood -LRB- 1921 -RRB- and The Last Supper -LRB- 1930 -RRB- by Eric Thiman. .
These individuals have no real claws; instead, the unguis looks normal with the addition of thick under-unguis growth.
Écoivres is a French commune in the department of Pas-de-Calais in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region.
They also measured the visible and infrared spectra and measured the moon's surface temperature.
Haast's Eagle -LRB- Harpagornis moorei -RRB- was a species of massive eagles that once lived on the South Island of New Zealand.
Boiry-Saint-Rictrude is a French commune in the department of Pas-de-Calais in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region.
The word is derived from the Latin -LRB- ''water'' -RRB- and -LRB- ''to drive'' -RRB-.
Although the city of Brandenburg is less well known than the state of Brandenburg, it gave the name to the medieval Bishopric of Brandenburg, the Margraviate of Brandenburg and the current state of Brandenburg.
Mollis is a former municipality in the canton of Glarus in Switzerland.
For the rest of his life he would live in poverty, as his paintings did not increase significantly in monetary value until after his death.
Founded in 1853, it is the second oldest university in Australia and the oldest in Victoria.
An electric multiple unit or EMU is a multiple unit train consisting of more than one passenger car where all the cars in the train carry passengers, using electricity as the motive power.
Afon, the Welsh word for river, often anglicized to 'avon'.
In 1965 he became a naturalized citizen of the United States.
Pewee Valley is a city in Oldham County, Kentucky, United States.
Since June 2001 he has been Mayor-Governor -LRB- -RRB- of Berlin.
John Huang served 500 hours of community service and paid a $10,000 fine.
On the July 27, 2007 edition of SmackDown!
Salvia pratensis forms a basal clump 1-1.5 m tall, with rough, rich green leaves that are slightly crinkled and toothed at the edges.
"Karma" is an Indian religious concept as opposed to the "faith" espoused by the Abrahamic religions -LRB-, Judaism, Christianity and Islam -RRB-, which consider all human dramas as the will of God, as opposed to the present - and the past -. - gestures of life.
It includes the following species:
In 1982 Mørk became the first Scandinavian musician to reach the final of the Tchaikovsky Competition in Moscow and won 6th prize.
The group consists of Tablo, Mithra Jin and DJ Tukutz.
In Macedonia he seems to have seen the alleged tomb of Orpheus at Libethra.
Poanes hobomok -LRB- Harris, 1862 -RRB- -- Captain Hobomok
George III and Queen Charlotte had 15 children, 13 of whom survived to adulthood.
Thayer, Vol 1, p. 53 We know that Beethoven's family and his teacher Johann Albrechtsberger celebrated his birthday on December 16.
In 1974 he was inducted into the National Academy of Sciences and in 1977 was named a Distinguished Fellow of the American Economic Association.
Pancy-Courtecon is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France.
Fratton Park is the home ground of Portsmouth FC, the city's traditional professional football club, and is located in the English port city of Portsmouth.
On November 15, Williams confirmed that HÃ 1\/4 lkenberg had been dropped from the roster in 2011, and Maldonado was duly announced as his replacement on December 1.
Robert Gordon ''Bobby'' Orr, OC -LRB- born March 20, 1948 in Parry Sound, Ontario, Canada -RRB- is a retired ice hockey player.
Then the Tyrannosaurus collapses when he accidentally trips over the Ankylosaurus' tail.
Hemorrhoids -LRB- American English -RRB- or Hemorrhoids -LRB- British English; pronounced \/O/ Ë hÉ mÉ rÉ ''É dz \/O/ -RRB-, are vascular structures in the anal canal that help control bowel movements.
CaE = Canadian English
In the NFL playoffs, Warner ultimately led the Rams to a Super Bowl XXXIV victory over the Tennessee Titans.
-LRB-/O2007/O-RRB- , the five most sensitive areas of the penis are located on the foreskin; this is disputed by Waskett and Morris, who argue that reanalysis of Sorrells' data shows no significant difference.
Indicate, for example, why a person is famous, where a place is and why it is famous, or the basic details of an event and when it happened.
It now houses the UK headquarters of two major international companies.
When Elizabeth I was succeeded in 1603 by Scottish King James VI -LRB- thus becoming James I of England -RRB-, both countries came under her rule but each retained its own Parliament.
In aerobic organisms, the citric acid cycle is part of a metabolic pathway involved in the chemical conversion of carbohydrates, fats, and proteins to carbon dioxide and water to generate a usable form of energy.
A single female can lay several dozen to several thousand eggs during her lifetime.
Design and Creation The character first appeared in the 1981 arcade game Donkey Kong as a carpenter named ''Jumpman'', more commonly referred to as ''Mr. Video Game'' in Japan.
When The Iron Sheik locked a camel hold on one of the Killer Bees, Jim Duggan hit him with his two-by-fours, resulting in The Iron Sheik and Nikolai Volkoff winning the fight by disqualification.
After Mary recovered and Anne's baby died shortly after birth, Mary visited her sister, but chose the opportunity to berate Anne for her friendship with Sarah.
Bay of Bengal and Arabian Sea: CMRS - Tropical Cyclones New Delhi \/ORGANIZATION/ Indian Meteorological Service -LRB- New Delhi, India -RRB-
It is a specialized wiki created to be an extensive encyclopedia of the Star Wars universe with articles reaching up to 60,000 words, and is written almost entirely from an in-universe perspective.
Large farms produced food in industrial quantities, and Roman sources note that Britain exported hunting dogs, animal skins, and slaves.
Youri Raffi Djorkaeff -LRB- born March 9, 1968 in Lyon -RRB- is a former French footballer who played as a striker or attacking midfielder.
1909 & ndash; Colombia recognizes the independence of Panama.
Specialized teeth – incisors, canines, premolars and molars – are found in the same order in all mammals.
For processors, the entire implementation process is often referred to as processor design.
Arlene moved quickly northeast, peaking at 60 mph before turning extratropical on the 7th.
For the DuckTales episode, see Back to the Klondike -LRB- DuckTales episode -RRB-.
They are spoken in parts of Alsace, southern Germany, Liechtenstein, Austria, and German-speaking parts of Switzerland and Italy.
Ouilly-du-Houley is a commune in the Calvados department of the Lower Normandy region in northern France.
Lomé, with an estimated population of 737,751, is the capital and largest city of Togo.
Most of the capsaicin in a hot pepper -LRB- -RRB- is concentrated in blisters on the epidermis of the inner veins -LRB- septa -RRB- which divide the chambers of the fruit to which the seeds are attached.
Nickname for an M79 grenade launcher
Its capital is the city of Padua.
Viewed from above, the shell is darker in color and marked with irregular stripes, allowing it to blend in with the dark water below.
In English, it serves two main purposes – the omission of one or more letters – also known as the contraction - -LRB- as in does not for does not -RRB- and the marking of possessives -LRB- as in the cat's whiskers -RRB-, although usage in the formation of certain plurals is sometimes accepted.
In 1925, he gave the first theatrical performance outside Russia of Rimsky-Korsakov's opera, The Invisible City of Kitezh.
The most common form of acne is known as 'acne vulgaris', which means 'common acne'.
In 1969 FC Schalke 04 paid FC Schwelm 06 38,000 Deutsche Mark to sign promising stopper Rolf Rüssmann, who did not have the best of starts in the Gelsenkirchen-based side under Rudi Gutendorf, but went on to win more regular appearances for the club and seemed destined for a successful career.
The track was first used on the last weekend of July 2008, when the circuit hosted a round of the Spanish F3 Championship and the International GT Open.
The mainstream Japanese myths, as generally recognized today, are based on the Kojiki, Nihon Shoki, and a few supplemental books.
1952 & ndash; The Rajya Sabha, the upper house of the Indian Parliament, holds its first session.
Quarks have fractional electric charge values ​​â'' either â' or + times the elementary charge, depending on the flavor. The up, charm, and top -LRB- quarks collectively called up-type quarks -RRB- have a charge of +, while the down, strange, and bottom quarks -LRB- the down-type quarks -RRB- have â'.
He drove for Red Bull Racing alongside Australian Mark Webber in the 2010 season.
Northeast Arnhem Land is home to the indigenous Yolngu people, one of Australia's largest indigenous groups, and those who have managed to maintain a vigorous traditional indigenous culture.
The A318, also known as the ''Mini-Airbus'' or ''baby bus'', is the smallest member of the A320 family, and the smallest Airbus of any kind.
Juan Velasco Damas -LRB- born May 15, 1977 in Dos Hermanas, Sevilla -RRB- is a Spanish footballer who plays for Larissa FC in Greece, as a right defender.
Links Internal Links Signatures must include at least one internal link to your user page, user talk page, or contributions page; this allows other editors easy access to your talk page and contribution log.
Part of DC's hardcore punk scene, Rites of Spring increased the frenzied violence and visceral passion of hardcore while simultaneously experimenting with its rules of composition.
Surville is a commune in the Calvados department of the Lower Normandy region in northwestern France.
Some people with learning difficulties may find it difficult, tedious or uninteresting to integrate into society, because a good mesh with society actually requires knowledge of a large number of norms, customs, traditions, etc.
An example of such a diet is the induction phase of Atkins, where followers eat less than 20g of carbohydrates per day.
The Lookouts were an American punk rock band that existed from 1985 to 1990 in Iron Peak, a remote rural mountain community outside of Laytonville, California.
History The district was born in 1972 from the merger of the old districts of Jülich and Düren.
The shelf life is different from the expiry date; the first relates to food quality, the second to food safety.
SliTaz GNU/Linux is a community software project launched in 2006 by Christophe Lincoln.
The Volkswagen Passat is a large family car built by Volkswagen Passenger Cars through six design generations since 1973. Sitting between the Volkswagen Golf\/O/Volkswagen Jetta and Volkswagen Phaeton in Volkswagen's current lineup, the Passat and its derivatives carry the Dasher, Santana, Quantum, Magotan, Corsar and Carat badges.
Their third album, Blue Sky Noise, was released on April 20, 2010 on Atlantic Records to even greater critical acclaim and mainstream success.
HammerFall did some expressive gigs before the release of Legacy of Kings, playing festivals with bands like Alice Cooper, Rammstein, Deep Purple, Dream Theater, Saxon and Stratovarius.
One Hundred and One Dalmatians, often shortened to 101 Dalmatians, is a 1961 American animated film produced by Walt Disney and based on the novel One Hundred and One Dalmatians by Dodie Smith.
Storm of Swords won the 2001 Locus Prize, the 2002 Geffen Prize for Best Novel, and was nominated for the 2001 Nebula Prize for Best Novel.
Taxonomy is the practice and science of classification.
It was fully released online on June 3, 2009, with a preview released on June 1, 2009.
On February 25, 2003, the Coast Guard was placed under the supervision of the Department of Homeland Security.
The story documents the real life of Gwen Araujo, née Edward Araujo, Jr., a transgender teenager who was murdered after acquaintances discovered she had male genitalia.
The Blake River Megacaldera Complex, also called the Blake River Group, is a giant subaquatic caldera group or nested caldera system that stretches across the Ontario-Quebec border in Canada.
Varèse's music emphasizes timbre and rhythm.
Sophia Croft – Sister of Captain Wentworth and wife of Admiral Croft.
No one was killed and there was no damage.
Jefferson County, Alabama is the most populous county in the US state of Alabama with its seat in Birmingham.
Steven ''Flash'' Gordon is the hero of a science fiction adventure comic strip originally drawn by Alex Raymond and first published on January 7, 1934.
If the beam is to be centered on 4-quadrant diodes, no analog-to-digital converter is needed.
William Hull, an American general during the American Revolutionary War and the War of 1812
In pathology, it specifically refers to a sharp wound that damages the dermis of the skin.
Thomas Hobbes -LRB- April 5, 1588 - December 4, 1679 -RRB- was an English philosopher, known today for his work on political philosophy.
It is a branch of continuum mechanics, a subject that models matter without using the information that it is made up of atoms, that is, it models matter from a point of macroscopic view rather than from a microscopic point of view.
It borders the United Arab Emirates to the northwest, Saudi Arabia to the west, and Yemen to the southwest.
Cole began his career with Arsenal in 1999, making 228 appearances, scoring 9 goals for the club and winning two Premier League titles, three FA Cups and a 2006 UEFA Champions League Final runners-up medal.
The conditions can be a specific moment during the development \/O/ of the life of the organism or a limitation to a specific tissue, for example.
Marriage Among Muslims: Preference and Choice in Northern Pakistan By Hastings Donnan, ISBN 90-04-08416-9, 9789004084162 The tribe speaks the Dhundi-Kairali dialect.Pahari-Potwari The tribe is spread throughout the Bakote circle, district of Poonch, Bagh, Kashmir, and the Murree Hills region.
Yoon CK January 21, 2000 .
1917 & ndash; Ella Fitzgerald, American singer -LRB- d. 1996 -RRB-
The repressive or dormant latency stage of psychosexual development preceded the sexually mature genital stage of psychosexual development.
Shane's mood swings continued and created friction within his alliance.
The idyllic place was called Shangri-la, a Tibetan word meaning “heaven on earth”.
Although some special software packages exist to allow custom editing, they are generally not available when moving to other computers for wiki editing.
Among many volumes of poetry, Les Contemplations and La Légende des Siècles are particularly appreciated by critics, and Hugo is sometimes identified as the greatest French poet.
Hattusili III -LRB- Hittite: ''of Hattusa'' -RRB- was a king of the Hittite Empire -LRB- New Kingdom or Late Empire -RRB- ca.
In general , the people of the Maritimes were spared the expected damage .
A sequence of integers can be specified explicitly by giving a formula for its nth term, or implicitly by giving a relation between its terms.
Breakaway is the second studio album by American recording artist Kelly Clarkson, released on November 30, 2004.
Towards the end of 1889 he was called to the University of Bologna, his native city, where he worked all his life on subjects such as the Zeeman effect, the "Roentgen rays", magnetism and the results of the experiments of Michaelson.
However, whereas other theropods walked with three toes in contact with the ground, fossilized footprint tracks confirm that most dromaeosaurids held the second toe off the ground in a hyperextended position, with only the third and fourth toes bearing the weight. of the animal.
Trace the -LRB- IP address eg http://www.domaintools.com/ -RRB- and add the address to the user's talk page.
The third group, Morganucodon and similar animals, were mammals or the “stem mammals”.
In 2004, Diamir District was divided and Astore District was created from the easternmost tehsil of Diamir.
A public school was completed in December 1871 and classes began there in 1872.
Pine Chir, Pinus roxburghii, named after William Roxburgh, is a pine native to the Himalayas.
The size of the lake varies from 12 to 100 square miles -LRB- 30 to 260 square kilometers -RRB-, depending on the season.
Biafo Glacier is a 63 km long glacier in the Karakoram Mountains of Northern Regions, Pakistan, which meets the 49 km long Hispar Glacier at an elevation of 5,128 m -LRB- 16,824 ft -RRB- at Hispar La -LRB- Pass -RRB - create the longest glacier system in the world outside the polar regions.
It was announced on September 16 that d'Ambrosio would replace Lucas di Grassi at Virgin on four occasions during Friday practice: at the Singapore, Japanese, Korean and Brazilian Grands Prix.
Fabio Capello -LRB- born 18 June 1946 -RRB- is a retired Italian footballer and current manager of the England national football team, having started the role in January 2008.
Uniform numbers are placed on the back of baseball uniforms and sometimes also on the front or sleeve.
Uncle Bill ''Tappy'' Tapia -LRB- born January 1, 1908 -RRB- is an American musician, born in Honolulu, Hawaii, to Portuguese parents.
Previously, the position was held by Ken Livingstone from the inception of the position on May 4, 2000 until his succession by Johnson.
Saint-Ciers-de-Canesse is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Note-taking program
The X-Files: I Want to Believe became the second film based on the series, following the original 1998 film adaptation, The X-Files: Fight the Future.
Mamluk Sultan Baibars of Egypt invades the weakened Kingdom of Makuria to the south.
Tschermak was the grandson of a man who taught botany to Mendel when he was a student in Vienna.
Early recordings were of poor quality, but not by design but by budgetary constraints, and bands such as The Circle Jerks, Reagan Youth, Flipper, Naked Raygun and Minor Threat only recorded to promote the live show and document the sounds that they were recording. were doing .
A direct chartered cargo flight was operated by China Airlines from Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport to Chengdu Shuangliu International Airport, sending some 100 tons of relief supplies donated by the Tzu Chi Foundation and the Taiwan Red Cross to the affected areas.
Healesville Sanctuary, or Sir Colin MacKenzie Fauna Park, is a zoo specializing in native Australian animals.
Several companies, celebrities and organizations have undertaken awareness, volunteer and fundraising events that they will organize during Joy of Giving week.
Mülheim an der Ruhr, also called ''City on the river'', is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia in Germany.
The species is highly migratory, seeing two summers each year as it migrates from its northern breeding grounds along a winding route to the oceans around Antarctica and back, a round trip of around 70 900 km -LRB- c. 44,300 miles -RRB- each year. This is by far the longest regular migration of any known animal.
Archaeological evidence suggests a history of settlement in the area since around 2000 BC.
Le Guin has received five Hugo Awards and six Nebula Index to SF Awards: Ursula Le Guin, and received the 1979 Gandalf Grand Master Award and the 2003 Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America Grand Master Award.
MÃgenwil is a municipality in the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Club Atlético River Plate, also known as River Plate -LRB- -RRB- or simply River, is an Argentine sports club best known for its football team, established in 1901.
Belle fails to make the connection between the handsome prince and the Beast and becomes convinced that the Beast is holding the prince captive somewhere in the castle.
Paul Naftel, an artist from Guernsey, sketched it, and the design appeared in Ansted & Latham's book The Channel Islands -LRB- 1862 -RRB-.
Pennsylvania Cyber ​​Charter School, also known as PA Cyber, is a public virtual charter school based in Midland, Pennsylvania.
It includes over 13,000 items and 6,000 photographs and maps related to Jewish history, Israel, US-Israeli relations, the Holocaust, anti-Semitism and Judaism.
A supercentenarian -LRB- sometimes called super-centenarian -RRB- is someone who has reached the age of 110, which is only reached by one in a thousand -LRB- centenarians based on European -RRB data - .
-LRB- pronounced ''Zeh-vee-us'' according to the phonetics of the original Japanese rendering -LRB- katakana -RRB-, ''Zee-vee-us'' according to the television commercial of the American licensor -RRB- is a vertically scrolling arcade shooter by Namco, released in 1982.
Oloron-Sainte-Marie is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in southwestern France.
Its official population was 761,137 in 2006; however , some estimates indicate that its population could be as high as 1.2 million .
Excalibur is King Arthur's legendary sword, sometimes attributed to magical powers or associated with the legitimate sovereignty of Britain.
Nickel Creek's first two albums were Little Cowpoke -LRB- 1993 -RRB- and Here to There -LRB- 1997 -RRB-.
Avon, Ontario, in the province of Ontario
Force India Formula One Team Limited, trading as Force India F1, is a Formula One motor racing team.
The patron saint of the Order is St Andrew.
They are members of the Southern Football League Division One Midlands.
During the first half of the 20th century the movement grew to encompass three major age groups each for boys -LRB- Cub Scout, Boy Scout, Rover Scout -RRB- and, in 1910, a new organization , Girl Guides , was created for girls -LRB- Brownie Guide , Girl Guide and Girl Scout , Ranger Guide -RRB- .
Barnes and Noble Review: Diana Krall.
In a secret addition to the pact, the Baltic states of Finland, Romania and Poland are split between the two nations.
Their unique blend of bluegrass, rock, country and Cajun\/Zydeco, which the band calls ''Polyethnic Cajun Slamgrass'', has found favor with the jam band scene.
Slovenia is a member of the European Union, Eurozone, Schengen Area, Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, Council of Europe, NATO, UNESCO , the WTO, the OECD and the UN.
The Dark Region was initially thought to be a lake of a fluid or at least a tar-like substance, but it is now clear that Huygens landed on the Dark Region and it is solid with no indication of liquid.
Eurogamer gave Red Dead Redemption an 8/10, stating that it "successfully re-dresses the Grand Theft Auto setting into an exciting, distinct, expertly-crafted storyline."
The larva weaves a nest of silk on the ceiling of the cave, then hangs around the nest up to 70 threads of silk -LRB- called traps -RRB-, each measuring up to 30 or 40 cm long and containing droplets of mucus.
Saint-Corneille is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays-de-la-Loire region in northwestern France.
Geography According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of ​​1,302 square miles -LRB- 3,371 square miles -RRB-, including 1,298 square miles -LRB- 3,363 square miles -RRB- of land and 3 square miles -LRB- 8 km² -RRB- of which -LRB- 0.25% -RRB- is water.
Often the left lung is much smaller than the right, an adaptation to body shape also found in snakes.
These dates typically delineate the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the northeast Pacific Ocean.
Many people in Islamic countries also see Islam manifesting politically as Islamism.
There are three known -LRB- types of -RRB- flavors of neutrinos: the electron neutrino, the muon neutrino and the tau neutrino, named after their lepton partners in the standard model -LRB- see table at right -RRB-.
The Royal Navy of the United Kingdom is the oldest of the SM -LRB- armed forces and is therefore known as the Senior Service -RRB-.
From 1826 to 1918, Gotha was one of the two capitals of the Duchy of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha.
Corinthians World Champion The first edition of the FIFA Club World Championship was held in Brazil in 2000 .
The film begins on the first anniversary of Cinderella and Prince Charming's wedding, where Jaq, Gus and the Fairy Godmother surprise the couple with a picnic in the woods.
Her father is of German and Norwegian ancestry and her mother is of Italian and Irish ancestry.
She commented that the novel ''is the most likely fiction I've ever read'' and had become ''currently the hottest novel''.
After playoff victories over the Houston Oilers, Cleveland Browns and San Diego Chargers, the Raiders captured their second NFL championship in five years with a 27–10 win over the Philadelphia Eagles at the Super Bowl XV.
His best known works include Steppenwolf, Siddhartha and The Glass Bead Game -LRB- also known as Magister Ludi -RRB- which explore an individual's search for authenticity, self-knowledge and spirituality.
After experiencing fluctuations in the decades immediately following India's independence, the economies of the southern Indian states have recorded decadal growth above the national average over the past three decades.
They have been named Germany's most successful pop duo and have had a number of hit singles reaching the top 5 in many countries.
-- -RRB-
For sanitary reasons, military tent cities place toilets, showers and washing facilities at least 50 feet from living quarters.
Sayre is a city in and the county seat of Beckham County in western Oklahoma, United States.
Schöneberg is a town in Berlin, Germany.
ISBN 978-0971119802 Roberts, Jane and Robert F. Butts -LRB- 1972 -RRB-.
The Mirandan sulci are named after the locations of Shakespeare's plays.
Opposition leader Aleksander Kozulin is among several detained protesters.
The first stadtholder of the Dutch Republic was William I of Orange, who joined the Dutch nationalists and led the fight for independence from Spain.
Glasgow was named host city of the 2014 Commonwealth Games in November 2007 and Hampden will host the athletics events.
Year by year A pink background indicates an event that was not part of the Formula 1 World Championship.
X-ray examination of his bones showed "age- or fatigue-related degeneration" in these areas, including osteochondrosis and mild spondylosis of the lumbar spine and wear-and-tear degeneration of the knee and particularly ankle joints.
Frières-Faillouël is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France.
Gagarin's planned flight activities required clear weather and no outside tanks.
A tuxedo is an -LRB- set or -RRB- outfit of clothing that includes a dress shirt, bow tie, dress pants, tuxedo jacket, dress socks, leather dress shoes, and sometimes a waistcoat.
Piraeus is the third largest municipality in Greece with an official population of 175,697 -LRB- in 2001 -RRB-.
The Vandals were an East Germanic tribe that entered the Late Roman Empire in the 5th century.
Obtaining reliable blood pressure readings depends on following several rules and understanding the many factors that influence blood pressure readings.
Oxford English Dictionary, second edition In a more specific sense, theism refers to a doctrine concerning the nature of a monotheistic God and his relationship to the universe.
These letters have helped historians construct details of Jane Austen's life.
''Despair'' -LRB- Remix -RRB- – 3:37
Francisco José Rodrigues da Costa, OIH -LRB- born December 1, 1974 in Lisbon -RRB-, commonly known as Costinha -LRB- -RRB-, is a retired Portuguese footballer, who played as a defensive midfielder.
Richard Russell ''Rick'' Riordan, Jr. -LRB- born June 5, 1964 -RRB- is the author of the Percy Jackson & the Olympians series.
He was only 27, the youngest U.S. Representative at the time.
Mario Ignacio Regueiro Pintos -LRB- born September 14, 1978 in Montevideo -RRB- is a Uruguayan footballer who plays for Club AtlÃtico LanÃs in Argentina.
While later reviewers have noted that Stowe's female characters are often cliche domestics instead of realistic women, Stowe's novel "reaffirmed the importance of female influence" and helped pave the way for the movement. women's rights in . the following decades.
Pterosaurs are the first vertebrates known to have evolved powered flight.
_Kornberg
Ru.
MontsÃ''rs is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France.
See also: Yatton, Herefordshire
Sugiyama: 111 Teotihuacanos practiced human sacrifice: human bodies and animal sacrifices were found during excavations of the Teotihuacan pyramids; and it is believed that when the buildings were extended, sacrifices were made to dedicate the new building.
5 × Galloping Gobbler Prize
He is also known to be a master of two styles of satire: the Horatian and Juvenalian styles.
Bowell supported an already drafted law that would have forced Manitoba to restore its Catholic schools, but later postponed it due to opposition within his cabinet.
Coombs suffered a stroke on September 10, 2001, and died on September 18, 2001, in Toronto, Ontario at the age of 73.
Time.com / Title The title is taken from the first line of the third stanza of the poem Non Sum Qualis eram Bonae Sub Regno CynaraeRPO - Ernest Dowson: Non Sum Qualis Eram Bonae sub Regno Cynarae by Ernest Dowson: "I forgot a lot , Cynara!
Richard Mentor Johnson -LRB- October 17, 1780 or 1781 -- November 19, 1850 -RRB- was the ninth Vice President of the United States, serving in the administration of Martin Van Buren -LRB- 1837 â '' 1841 -RRB- .
The film was released on December 12, 2006, and an official soundtrack album was released on November 21, 2006.
In his twenties and early thirties, von Braun was the central figure in Germany's pre-war rocket development program, responsible for designing and building the deadly V-2 fighter rocket during World War II. world.
Under Chancellor Willy Brandt, Scheel became Foreign Minister and Vice-Chancellor.
The longest land tunnel in the world, the LÃtschberg base tunnel, has been in service since the end of 2007, connecting the town of Frutigen in the canton of Bern with the town of Visp in the canton of Valais\/Wallis by rail.
The tehsil covers an area of ​​1,115 km² of the Toba Tek Singh district government and is administratively subdivided into 24 union councils, six of which form the tehsil capital, Gojra.
Since 1972, Stockport has been twinned with Béziers in France.
Francisco Jezuíno Avanzi, better known as Chicão -LRB- January 30, 1949 & ndash; October 8, 2008 -RRB- was a Brazilian football player -LRB- soccer -RRB- in the role of defensive midfielder.
Servais is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France.
As a small boy, Lermontov listened to stories about the outlaws of the Volga region, their great bravery and their wild life in the countryside.
Almost all of the Moorish dominions in the Iberian Peninsula were lost soon after, with the major Moorish cities of Cordoba and Seville falling to Christian hands in 1236 and 1248 respectively.
They established their permanent residence in the city of Ceiba, and lived in a house called ''El Pesebre'' -LRB- La Mangeoire -RRB-.
Slang terms include ''helmet'', ''nob'' -LRB- or ''button'' -RRB- and ''bell end'', and all refer to its distinctive shape.
See also Ghost Dance, a belief held among North American Indians which, in its Sioux version, prophesied that the ancestors would return by train.
In the year 2000, a vote of IHO member countries defined the term “Southern Ocean” as applying only to the waters between Antarctica and 60 degrees south latitude.
In the NHL, he played 2 games with the New York Rangers, 80 with the Boston Bruins, 210 with the Leafs and finally 35 with the Philadelphia Flyers to end his career.
It is one of five American orchestras commonly referred to as the ''Big Five''.
Guarana -LRB- -RRB-, from Portuguese guaraná, Paullinia cupana -LRB- syn.
Government The territory is administered from Canberra by the Ministry of the Attorney General -LRB- before 29 November 2007, the administration was carried out by the Ministry of Transport and Regional Services -RRB-.
Moreover, it has an equal number of sympathetic strings located below the main strings and the fingerboard which are not played directly but vibrate in sympathy with the notes being played.
The year 36 -LRB- XXXVI -RRB- was a leap year starting on Sunday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Julian calendar.
The Tibetan representatives who signed this document were Agvan Dorjiev, a Buryat, that is, a Russian citizen, Chijamts, and Gendun-Galsan, a Tibetan citizen.
The absence of springs, rivers and lakes in the immediate vicinity of Tikal highlights a prodigious feat: the construction of a great city with only the supply of stored seasonal rainfall.
Puttad is a small village in KoyilandyTaluk near Perambra in Kozhikode district, Kerala, India.
Saint-André à-sur-Orne is a commune in the Calvados department of the Lower Normandy region in northwestern France.
Roberto Donadoni -LRB- born September 9, 1963 -RRB- is a former Italian international footballer and current manager of Italian Serie A club Napoli.
Thomas Midgley, Jr. -LRB- May 18, 1889 - November 2, 1944 -RRB-, was an American mechanical engineer turned chemist.
The following artists have all had recordings on Kingdom Records:
The Socratic method is a negative method of hypothesis elimination, in that better hypotheses are found by regularly identifying and eliminating those that lead to contradictions.
Moreover , after a time , some of these irreducible essential traits of human personality , for one reason or another , and by one mechanism or another , come to reside in other human bodies either at some point during the period of gestation, either at birth or shortly thereafter. birth .
The encyclopedia covers all general topics, but the Jewish-Israeli emphasis is noticeable, primarily in articles dealing with Judaism, Jews, and Israel, which go beyond their general noticeable world.
A soap bubble is a very thin film of soapy water that forms a sphere with an iridescent surface.
Blood cells are mainly red blood cells -LRB- also called red blood cells or erythrocytes -RRB- and white blood cells, including leukocytes and platelets. The most abundant cells in vertebrate blood are red blood cells.
STS-2 was a NASA space shuttle mission using the Space Shuttle Columbia, launched on November 12, 1981.
A V10 engine is a V engine with 10 cylinders in two banks of five with a distinct exhaust note.
1988 & ndash; The Candle demonstration in Bratislava is the first mass demonstration of the 1980s against the communist regime in Czechoslovakia.
Trieste's economy, however, fell into a slight decline after the city was annexed by Italy after World War I. But Fascist Italy promoted a huge development of Trieste in the 1930s, with new manufacturing activities linked even to the naval and armament industries -LRB- such as the famous ''Cantieri Aeronautici Navali Triestini -LRB- CANT -RRB- ''-RRB-.
The main features are columns of well-known people such as Piers Morgan, and has a particular stance towards gimmicks, and as such has been criticized for brand favouritism.
The United States Secretary of Labor is the head of the Department of Labor which exercises control over the department and enforces and proposes laws involving labor unions, the workplace, and all other matters involving any form of controversy among laborers. 'business.
Its main sports complexes include Ivor Wynne Stadium and Copps Coliseum; Hamilton is also home to the Canadian Football Hall of Fame Museum. The museum hosts an annual induction event as part of a week-long celebration that includes school tours, a golf tournament, a formal induction dinner, and culminates in the Hall of Fame game. involving the CFL's Hamilton Tiger-Cats at Ivor Wynne Stadium.
The Walt Disney Company began making sequels to most of its animated films for video release beginning with The Return of Jafar -LRB- the sequel to Aladdin -RRB- in 1994.
Shawn Ashmore as Bobby Drake \/O/ Iceman: He can control the temperature of the humidity in the air around him to create ice constructs or cold puffs.
In fiction, The Siege of Jerusalem was the plot climax of the 2005 film Kingdom of Heaven directed and produced by Ridley Scott.
He is noted for his tactics and military prowess, commanding the forces of Medina and those of his immediate successors in the Rashidun Caliphate; Abu Bakr and Omar.
His father, James Buchanan McAllister, was a British civil servant, originally from Glasgow -LRB- where the family still has parents -RRB-, stationed in West Berlin since 1969, where he was attached to the Royal Corps of Signals.
Examples may include:
History Rhenium -LRB- Latin Rhenus meaning Rhine -RRB- was the penultimate natural element to be discovered and the last element to be discovered having a stable isotope.
The music video for ''Bootylicious'', directed by Matthew Rolston, featured Destiny's Child performing dance moves from Michael Jackson's famous performance ''Billie Jean'' from the special.
Help from the English Crusaders would result in friendly relations between England and Portugal for decades.
This page lists all of the inorganic chlorine chemical compounds.
On April 5, 2007, as deputies knocked on his front door in response to an anonymous call to his home in the Tealside section of Lithia, Winter committed suicide and died instantly.
The company is owned by Christian curator Philip Anschutz, who said he expects their films to be "entertaining, but also to be life-giving and to convey a moral message." ''
Azad Kashmir has been considered politically, constitutionally and geographically as part of a separate state i.e. Jammu & Kashmir.
After World War II, Iceland became a member of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization -LRB- NATO -RRB-, but not of the European Union.
A vast undertaking, de Soto's North American expedition scoured the southeastern United States in search of gold and a passage to China.
After the 2005 federal elections, which his party lost, after three weeks of negotiations, he resigned as chancellor in favor of Angela Merkel of the rival Christian Democratic Union.
Cotton played harmonica on Muddy Water's Grammy Award-winning 1977 album Hard Again, produced by Johnny Winter.
Although Fairfax County is the most populous jurisdiction, Virginia Beach is the most populous city in Virginia and the 41st largest city in the United States, with an estimated 2008 population of 440,415.
Zapata County is a county located in the US state of Texas.
Ernst Mayr tackled the problem with a new definition of the concept of species.
He played a key role in the success of the Turkish national team, and it was at the 2002 FIFA World Cup, where Turkey finished third, that he was selected in the All Star team. of the tournament.
-- -RRB-
Combat dress, in a general sense, is the type of uniform used as combat uniform, as opposed to "display" dress or the formal uniform worn on parades and functions.
Their material contains elements of power metal and symphonic metal.
In a 2007 interview with MTV, Radcliffe said that, for him, Harry is a classic coming-of-age character: the world around him, to someone who is more seasoned at the end of it. -this. ''
Masashi Miyazawa is a Japanese footballer who currently plays for Oita Trinita.
Port-au-Prince has food processing factories as well as soap, textile and cement factories.
madÄ ris -RRB- is the Arabic word -LRB- of Semitic origin; namely Hebrew midrash -RRB- for any type of educational institution, whether secular or religious -LRB- of any religion -RRB- .
He was born Prince Beommin -LRB- ë ë 1\/4, æ æ -RRB-, and took the name Munmu when he succeeded his father to the throne.
According to the film Harlem Globetrotters: Six Decades of Magic -LRB-/O1988/O-RRB- Harlem Globetrotters: Six Decades of Magic -LRB-/O1988/O-RRB-, Haynes could dribble the ball up to six times per second.
The American Robin begins breeding shortly after returning to its summer range.
At the start of the ratings war in 1995 until mid-1996, Raw and Nitro traded wins over each other in a closely contested rivalry.
Henry John Temple, 3rd Viscount Palmerston, KG, GCB, PC -LRB- 20 October 1784 & ndash; October 18, 1865 -RRB-, better known simply as Lord Palmerston, was a British statesman who served twice as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom in the mid-19th century.
Faction -LRB- literature -RRB-, a type of historical novel rooted in fact Faction -LRB- Planescape -RRB-, in-game political factions, Planescape Guild Wars: Factions, a video game developed by ArenaNet Faction 28, a channel musical on SIRIUS Satellite Radio The Faction, a punk rock band.
The 2009-2010 season for the Chicago Blackhawks is the club's 83rd season in the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB-.
In her career so far, she has won 6 singles titles and 37 doubles titles, including three Grand Slam titles in women's doubles -LRB- 1 with Frenchwoman Julie Halard-Decugis and 2 with Belgian Kim Clijsters -RRB-.
They sing about their personal difficulties, their relationships and their desires.
Jamie Anderson at Allmusic In 2007, she had released nine full albums.
This dwarfs even the best-known Alligator Snapping Turtle, the largest Chelonian in North America, which reaches a carapace length of up to and a weight of about .
Avon-LRB-village-RRB-, New York, in the city
As of January 1, 2010, the rate for new items is currently: per day, calculated hourly -LRB- current time: -RRB-, with the rate typically 15% lower in spring, but higher in August.
This tradition originated in the Tokugawa period when the people of Edo -LRB-Tokyo -RRB-, being considerably wealthier than the rural poor, were more susceptible to beri beri due to their high consumption of white rice, poor in thiamin.
The current Archbishop is the Most Reverend Rowan Williams.
Population: 9,700 -LRB- 2005 est. -RRB-
Born a granddaughter of Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom, she was given the name Alexandra Feodorovna after being received into the Russian Orthodox Church, which canonized her in 2000 as Saint Alexandra the Passion Bearer .
It is the state bird of Maine and Massachusetts, and the provincial bird of New Brunswick in Canada.
Parks The main city parks are: Santander Park -LRB- in Spanish, Parque Santander -RRB-, the main city park located in front of the town hall.
Good quality oregano can be strong enough to almost numb the tongue, but cultivars suitable for colder climates often have less flavor.
In the 1910s Repulse Bay became a beach and the Repulse Bay Hotel was built in 1920 .
Daniel Barenboim -LRB- born November 15, 1942 -RRB- is a pianist and conductor of Argentine origin.
The Toledo name was first introduced to the SEAT lineup in May 1991, with the third and most recent generation being introduced in late 2004 as a 2005 model year car.
The large ones are known as seas -LRB- seas -RRB- and the small lakes -LRB- lakes -RRB-.
The Soviet blockade of Berlin was lifted at one minute past midnight on May 12, 1949.
In biology, a biological system -LRB- or organ system -RRB- is a group of organs that work together to perform a certain task.
In 1983 Pavitt moved to Seattle and opened a record store, Fallout, as well as wrote a Sub Pop column for The Rocket and hosted an independent label specialty show on KCMU.
Keating grew up in Bankstown, a working class suburb of Sydney.
The modern chemical symbol for sodium, Na, is an abbreviation of the new Latin name for this element, natrium, derived from natron.
Music .
Howard H. Callaway May 15, 1973 – July 3, 1975 Richard Nixon, Gerald Ford
The original intention was to number the locomotives 958 to 960, following the Class Z steam locomotives, but on delivery they were numbered 1 to 3 in a separate SR steam locomotive listing.
The first six to finish advance to the second round, in which they must complete a puzzle with four written clues to guide them.
After playing at various musical venues in his hometown throughout his childhood, he decided to pursue a musical career and moved to Los Angeles after graduating from high school.
Jonathan Stephen Ross OBE -LRB- born 17 November 1960 -RRB- is an English television and radio presenter, best known for presenting the BBC One Friday Night chat show with Jonathan Ross from 2001 until he left the BBC in 2010.
The latter excited Adriano Díaz, who donated land where the high school was to be built.
The Bathurst 1000 -LRB- currently called Supercheap Auto Bathurst 1000 -RRB- is a touring car race held annually at Mount Panorama Circuit in Bathurst, New South Wales, Australia.
Scale -LRB- album -RRB-, an album by electronic artist Matthew Herbert
During her lifetime, Olga's future marriage was the subject of great speculation in Russia.
Joel Hastings Metcalf -LRB- January 4, 1866 â '' February 23, 1925 -RRB- was an American astronomer .
Nicholas Breakspear was born near St Albans and applied for admission to the Abbey as a novice, but was refused.
Khulna Division is one of the seven divisions of Bangladesh and is located in the southwest of the country.
Jell-O is a brand name owned by the American company Kraft Foods for a number of gelatin desserts, including fruit gels, puddings and no-bake cream pies.
It is illegal for a player to make a move that would put or leave his own king in check.
The race was traditionally held on the first Sunday in October but now takes place on the second Sunday.
' is used to quickly generate category tags related to birth and death years , including living persons and missing or unknown values ​​.
According to transportation engineers, traffic signals can have both positive and negative effects on safety and traffic flow.
Scottish-born actor Mark McManus played Kelly's friend Joe Byrne.
At a meeting of owners and governors, Conn Smythe tendered his resignation as manager of Toronto.
Peter Fox -LRB- born Pierre Baigorry; also known as Enuff and Pete Fox -RRB- Born September 3, 1971 is a German reggae and hip hop musician from Berlin.
The ''cut-throat'' game mode is also known as ''triangles''.
Plastids can contain 60 to 100 genes while cyanobacteria often contain more than 1500 genes.
Goodnews Bay is located on the north shore of Goodnews Bay at the mouth of the Goodnews River, at -LRB-59.121408, -161.585835 -RRB-.
A total of 12.16 i was recorded in Coyuca de Benítez.
The SS was formed in 1925 as a personal guard unit for Nazi leader Adolf Hitler -LRB- ''Die Schutz-Staffel der NSDAP'' Squadron of the NSDAP -RRB-.
Failed in the Dáil Éireann and Seanad Éireann elections in 1948 and 1951, he was reappointed Attorney General in 1951 and in 1953 he was appointed the youngest member of the Supreme Court by his mentor, de Valera.
Paul Frederic Simon -LRB- born October 13, 1941 -RRB- is an American singer-songwriter.
These restrictions still left considerable leeway for countries to allow the production, domestic trade and use of cannabis for recreational purposes.
The top of the minaret is always the highest point in mosques that have one, and often the highest point in the immediate area.
Morcourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France.
Capparis decidua is commonly called kerda, kair, karir, kirir, karril, etc.
The portals have their origin in the Polish and German Wikipedias.
See Interstate 880 for US Highway
On Sundays from 2.30 to 5.30 p.m., a speaker's forum is held on the forecourt of the library where speakers take turns to speak on different subjects.
A hunter-gatherer society is one whose primary method of subsistence involves the direct purchase of edible plants and animals from the wild, foraging and hunting without significant reliance on the domestication of either 'other.
Over time, the risk of heart muscle damage increases; hence the expression that in myocardial infarction, ''time is muscle'' and ''time wasted is muscle wasted''.
Tucker temporarily left the group when she became pregnant with her first child, Kerry ''Trucker'' Tucker, in the early 1970s.
The Province of Savona -LRB- Italian: Provincia di Savona; Liguria: Provinsa di Sann-a -RRB- is a province in the Liguria region of Italy.
House had retired from the music industry for many years, working for the New York Central Railroad, and was completely unaware of the renewed international enthusiasm for his early recordings.
It is a main component of most types of glass and substances such as concrete.
On the death of King Henry, the castle became the property of his son, Edward VI of England, who gave it to his uncle, Thomas Seymour, whom he made Lord of Sudeley.
Atlanta Falcons -LRB- -RRB-
However , a few hours later the low began to weaken again and late on August 19 Erin weakened considerably as the circulation dissipated over northeast Oklahoma .
Rubidium compounds are sometimes used in fireworks to give them a purple color.
The circular motion of the wheel was changed to the reciprocating motion of the saw blade by a connecting rod known as the pitman arm -LRB- thus introducing a term used in many mechanical applications -RRB-.
Klingnau is a municipality in the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
The Forest Service began using colorful posters to educate Americans about the dangers of wildfires.
The classification of air masses has three letters.
Newport Pagnell became the seat of the Newport Pagnell Rural District under the Local Government Act 1894. In 1897 Newport Pagnell became the only civil parish comprising the new urban district of Newport Pagnell.
Formed in 1965, Pink Floyd first became known for their psychedelic or space rock music and, as they evolved, for their progressive rock music.
Pure sulfur mustards are colorless, viscous liquids at room temperature.
Pope Leo XIII -LRB- March 2, 1810 – July 20, 1903 -RRB-, born Vincenzo Gioacchino Raffaele Luigi Pecci into an Italian county family, was the 256th Pope of the Roman Catholic Church, reigning from 1878 to 1903 following the Pope Pius IX.
The Delporte crater on the Moon bears his name.
After a period of recovery in Florida, Graham was hired as the first full-time evangelist of the new Youth for Christ International, co-founded by Torrey Johnson and evangelist Charles Templeton.
It is located in the Pierian plain, between Mount Olympus and the Gulf of Thermaikos, at an altitude of 14 m/W. The city, which is one of the newest in Greece, has 56,576 inhabitants -LRB- according to the 2001 census -RRB-.
It was discovered in 2007 by the Cassini probe and named in 2008 after the Kraken, a legendary sea monster.
Mal gets a call from Inara, a former passenger.
Born in 1857 in Cincinnati, Ohio, into the powerful Taft family, Taft graduated from Yale College Phi Beta Kappa in 1878, US Presidents Who Are Phi Beta Kappa Members, Phi Beta Kappa website, accessed October 4, 2009, and Cincinnati Law School of 1880.
Leif Erikson Day is an annual American celebration that takes place on October 9.
Mézières-sur-Ponthouin is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays-de-la-Loire region in northwestern France.
Wilhelm FurtwÃngler -LRB- January 25, 1886 - November 30, 1954 -RRB- was a German conductor and composer.
Scott wrote in his private diary in 1826, in what later became a widely quoted comparison:
This changed the electoral boundaries of Limerick East and Limerick West to Limerick City and Limerick.
Craftsmanship experienced a surprising expansion, and there were about fifteen active guilds in the city; the shoemaker and the most famous guild of furriers are those who have survived the longest.
Complex numbers were first devised and defined by Italian mathematician Gerolamo Cardano, who called them "fictitious", during his attempts to find solutions to cubic equations.
Lake Helen is a city in Volusia County, Florida, United States.
Individual speakers are used to reproduce different frequency ranges.
Seeking revenge, Lotso drags Woody with him just as the garbage truck picks up the trash.
The simulated crab meat product kanikama -LRB- abbreviation of kani-kamaboko -RRB-, the best-known form of surimi in the West, is a type of kamaboko.
The popular fable is that the bridge was designed and built by Sir Isaac Newton without the use of nuts or bolts, and at some point in the past students or fellows attempted to dismantle the bridge and repair it. go back up.
In English, the name is sometimes spelled Belau in accordance with the native pronunciation.
.
About 3 km east of Biasca is the small lake of Carigiolo, from which an 80 m stream starts. waterfall flows.
Throughout his career, he has been an advocate for civil rights and humanitarian causes, and has been a strong critic of the policies of the George W. Bush administration.
References External links De Fide, a non-profit organization, uses canon law to defend the Roman Catholic Church against heresy by filing suits in ecclesiastical court, seeking the excommunication of unrepentant offenders.
Burgess Hill is located in the Sussex Weald, 10 miles -LRB- 16 km -RRB- north of Brighton, and approximately 4.5 miles -LRB- 7.5 km -RRB- south of Haywards Heath.
There are dozens of colleges and universities throughout the state.
Furbies sold for over $300 in newspapers and at auction.
But the third edition of the book, published in 1810, omits the character Juba, and instead Lucy is engaged to a certain James Jackson.
The United States Secretary of State is the head of the United States Department of State, concerned with foreign affairs.
Arcens is a commune in the Ardèche department in southern France.
Heinz Kubsch -LRB- July 20, 1930 October 24, 1993 -RRB- was a German football goalkeeper.
While History traced the evolution of each branch of science from antiquity, Whewell regarded Philosophy as the "Moral" of the previous work since it sought to extract a universal theory of knowledge throughout history. which he had just retraced.
Insectivorous insects, or insects that feed on other insects, are beneficial to humans because they eat insects that could cause damage to agriculture and human structures. For example, aphids feed on crops and cause problems for farmers, but lady beetles feed on aphids and can be used as a way to significantly reduce nuisance aphid populations.
The button-headed whelk, Busycon carica, is a species of very large predatory sea snail, or in the USA, a whelk, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae, the busycon whelks.
On May 26, Lindström was arrested in central Sydney and his bail was denied.
Scott left in July 2001, after the release of the single 'Wolf at the Door', reportedly due to musical differences with Rice-Oxley, the band's other songwriter.
Burgebrach is a market town in the Upper Franconia district of Bamberg and the seat of the administrative community -LRB- Verwaltungsgemeinschaft -RRB- of Burgebrach.
The earliest known example is that built by Crates of Mallus in Cilicia -LRB- now at ukurova in modern Turkey -RRB-, in the mid-2nd century BCE.
The data to be encoded is often called the 'message', and the hash value is sometimes called the message digest or simply the digest.
Cushions and rugs can be used temporarily outdoors, to soften hard ground.
In some operating systems running on some hardware, switching between threads belonging to the same process is much faster than switching to a thread of a different process -LRB- because it requires a larger process context switch. complicated -RRB- .
The angle of view created by a telephoto lens is the same as that created by an ordinary lens of the same specified focal length.
Cabo San Lucas -LRB-, Cape Saint Luke -RRB-, commonly referred to as Cabo, is a city located at the southern end of the Baja California Peninsula, in the municipality of Los Cabos in the Mexican state of Baja California Sur .
Wikio Italy website Wikio is a European news and blog search engine.
California has banned the approval of new nuclear reactors since the late 1970s due to concerns about radioactive waste disposal.
Game Informer gave the game a 9.25\/O/10 rating, and the reviewer said "I can't think of a better way to kill a long plane ride."
2006 & ndash; Launch of the first Kazakh space satellite, KazSat.
There, the stranger reveals himself, blessing and breaking bread, like the risen Jesus before he disappears.
When drawing up the boundaries of the London boroughs, the government initially suggested that the Metropolitan Borough of Lambeth and the Metropolitan Borough of Southwark be merged to form a new borough, with the southern and eastern section of the Metropolitan Borough of Wandsworth -LRB- including Clapham, Streatham and Tooting -RRB- forming another.
The ingredients for traditional soda bread are flour, soda bread, salt and buttermilk.
The size of the subwindows is variable, so the user can hide the command window.
Probably the most famous Swiss literary creation, Heidi, the story of an orphan girl who lives with her grandfather in the Alps, was one of the most popular children's books of all time and became a symbol from Switzerland.
It is the central area around which the ancient Roman civilization developed.
Ned, Dan, Joe Byrne and Steve Hart then turned to bank robbery.
The province of La Coruña -LRB- also: , and La Coruña in English -RRB- is the most northwestern province of Spain, and one of the four provinces that make up the autonomous community of Galicia.
Unlike other principalities, Moscow was not divided between his sons but passed intact to his elders.
Epic Movie is a 2007 American parody film directed and written by Jason Friedberg and Aaron Seltzer and produced by Paul Schiff.
Jasseron is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
55 850 to 858 Emperor Montoku Michiyasu Traditional dates.
Powderfinger were an Australian rock band that formed in Brisbane in 1989.
The Queanbeyan River runs through Queanbeyan, near the center of the town and this area surrounding the river has some of the highest house prices in the district.
He discovered the fertilization of sea urchins, he recognized the role of the cell nucleus during transmission and chromosomal reduction during meiosis: in 1876, he noted that fertilization includes the penetration of a sperm into an ovum.
Books William Cecil Dampier, ''The Theory of Experimental Electricity''.
Initial computer models predicted that the low level circulation would turn southwestward and re-emerge into the Gulf of Mexico.
At 19, she signed with Donald Trump's modeling agency, T Management.
Green Eggs and Ham is a bestselling and critically acclaimed book by Dr. Seuss, first published in 1960.
Nicolas Peifer, an unclassified Frenchman, gave up the last game and Shingo Kunieda defended his 2009 title without playing.
His mother, Regina Wender Fischer, was an American citizen of Polish Jewish descent, born in Switzerland and raised in St. Louis, Missouri.
He then went to the University of California, Berkeley, where his work with E. B. Babcock on the genetic evolution of plant species, and his association with a group of evolutionary biologists known as the Bay Area Biosystematists, brought him to develop a complete synthesis of plant species. evolution incorporating genetics.
The five known manuscripts of the Gettysburg address differ in a number of details and also differ from contemporary newspaper reprints of the speech.
Events lead to the Treaty of Nerchinsk.
Mars is named after the mythological Roman god of war because it is a red planet and red is the color of blood.
The group's first recordings were three songs that appeared on a 1986 compilation album for C/Z Records called Deep Six.
Rouvres is a commune in the Calvados department in the Lower Normandy region of France.
Their current drummer is Pete Parada, formerly of Face to Face and Saves the Day, who has been with the band since 2007.
Native applications for Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7 and Mac OS X -LRB-Intel only -RRB- are available through Google Labs.
In 1880 he became full professor of physics at the University of Palermo, where he studied the conduction of heat and electricity in bismuth.
Floudès is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France.
ISBN 966-00-0590-3 -LRB- 4 -RRB- Pyrohy or pirogi -LRB- plural -RRB- are full size pies, while pyrizhky or pirozhki -LRB-, -RRB- are individual size buns that can be eaten with one hand.
; Second Form His second form is similar to his father King Cold, much larger in both size and muscle mass, Frieza claiming to have at least doubled his power -LRB- by over 1,000,000 -RRB- in this state.
Subiaco is a city in Logan County, Arkansas, United States.
The line-up included Stone Gossard on rhythm guitar, Jeff Ament on bass -LRB- both ex-members of Mother Love Bone -RRB-, Mike McCready on lead guitar, Matt Cameron on drums and Eddie Vedder on backing vocals and choirs.
Avatar: The Last Airbender is a 61-episode, Emmy Award-winning American animated television series written and created by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko.
His orchestrations of works by other composers drew frequent criticism. So when in 1929 he made an orchestral transcription of Bach's Toccata and Fugue in D minor, he presented it as a transcription by a Russian composer named Paul Klenovsky.
Many lemon flavored drinks and treats are available, including lemonade and lemonheads.
Although the work is uncritical and probably very interpolated, and the value of the articles is very uneven, it contains a great deal of information about ancient history and life.
Book Of Dreams -LRB- #2, 1977 -RRB- also included three hits: ''Jet Airliner'' -LRB- #8 -RRB-, ''Jungle Love'' -LRB- #23 -RRB-, and ' ''Swingtown''-LRB-#17-RRB-.
Book of Practical Cats by TS Eliot Old Possum
Each of the ten celestial trunks is associated with one of the five elements of Chinese astrology, namely: Wood, Fire, Earth, Metal and Water.
It moved steadily northwest and reached tropical storm strength on October 11 .
From February 1990, he planned and organized the defense of several regions of Armenia and Nagorno-Karabakh.
The last sheep and lamb fair was held in 1913.
Meadowbrook Farm is a town in Jefferson County, Kentucky, United States.
To play duck on a rock most effectively, Naismith quickly discovered that a soft, lofted shot was much more effective than a straight, hard throw, an idea that would later prove central to the invention of basketball. ball.
The Peloponnese, Peloponnese or Peloponnese -LRB-; see also List of Greek place names -RRB- is a large peninsula -LRB- technically an island since the 1893 construction of the Corinth Canal -RRB- and a region in southern Greece, forming the southern part of the country from the Gulf of Corinth.
Wimereux is a French commune in the department of Pas-de-Calais in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region.
unknown date & ndash; Hosokawa Katsumoto, Japanese warlord
A contemporary and longtime friend of Beethoven, Reicha is today best known for his significant contribution to wind quintet literature and his role as a teacher – his pupils included Franz Liszt and Hector Berlioz.
The Travelcard is an intermodal travel pass for unlimited use on the London Underground, London Overground, Docklands Light Railway, Tramlink, London buses and domestic rail services in the Greater London area.
At Baccaro Point, 224 mm -LRB- 8.8 in -RRB- of rain was reported, while 145 mm -LRB- 5.8 in -RRB- fell at Sambro, near Halifax.
Thiernu is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France.
Jethro, Moses' father-in-law, came to Moses and brought with him Moses' wife and two sons.
The main sources of information concerning the life of Siddh rtha Gautama are the Buddhist texts.
According to 2007 U.S. Census estimates, the city had a population of 8,705.
FNMTV -LRB- Officially Feedback New MTV; unofficially, Friday Night MTV -RRB- was a music video program on MTV focused on creating new music videos and delivering instant viewer feedback from its website.
Neuilly-Saint-Front
Torchwood is a British science fiction television program created by Russell T Davies.
Formerly owned by Trans World Communications, EMAP and now by Bauer Radio and part of the company's Big City station network.
During the rainy season, this river flows with a lot of water and millions of gallons of water go down into the Arabian Sea.
On January 11, 1954, the first weather forecasts in vision were broadcast, presented by George Cowling.
March 27 - 29, 1941, Battle of Cape Matapan.
An overtaking loop -LRB- also called overtaking siding, crossing loop, crossing place or, colloquially, a hole -RRB- is a place on a single-line railway or streetcar, often located in a station, where trains or trams in opposite directions may pass each other.
He discovered and developed a wide range of fundamental ideas in many fields, including the theory of invariants and the axiomatization of geometry.
A coefficient is usually a constant quantity, but the differential coefficient of f is only a constant function if f is a linear function.
A cache is a block of memory intended for the temporary storage of data likely to be reused.
Harvey W. Wiley, the "father" of the Food and Drug Administration in the United States, challenged the safety of benzoate which was banned in the Pure Food and Drug Act of 1906.
It incorporated three sets of modified Caprotti valve gears, relatively new to British locomotive engineering and more efficient than Walschaerts or Stephenson valve gears.
At the age of 18, Strauss, his mother and two sisters sailed for the United States to join his brothers Jonas and Louis, who had started a wholesale dry goods business in New York called J. Strauss Brother & Co.
Each cnidocyte cell contains an organelle called the cnidocyst -LRB- or nematocyst -RRB-, which comprises a bulb-like capsule containing a coiled hollow thread-like structure attached to it.
His father, William M. Ryan Sr., was a sailor, prospector and market gardener of Irish descent.
Built in 1937, with additions in 1959, the bridge spans the Canada-US border in the middle of the Thousand Islands region, from which it takes its name.
In fact, two or more minerals can have the same chemical composition, but differ in crystal structure -LRB- these are known as polymorphs -RRB-.
The county is served by the Carteret County Public School System.
Inchy-en-Artois is a French commune in the department of Pas-de-Calais in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region.
Clearly, they cannot execute at the same time, and the second instruction cannot be executed before the first.
In addition to these principal conductors, the orchestra has had several notable guest conductors, including Arturo Toscanini, who made a series of commercial recordings with the orchestra at Queen's Hall from 1937 to 1939, which were issued by His Master's Voice in . in the UK and RCA Victor in the US.
The book has been released in multiple versions, including hardcover, paperback, and audio editions, and has been translated into multiple languages ​​and published worldwide.
October & ndash; English troops under John Talbot, 1st Earl of Shrewsbury, land in Guyenne, France, and retake most of the province without a fight.
Hybrid Theory is the debut album by American rock band Linkin Park, released on October 24, 2000 by Warner Bros.
Wayne Mark Rooney -LRB- born October 24, 1985 -RRB- is an English footballer who plays as a striker for Premier League club Manchester United and the England national team.
The White Nights Festival consists of a series of classical ballet, opera and music events and includes performances by Russian dancers, singers, musicians and actors, as well as famous international guest stars.
Dinosaurs are a diverse group of animals that were the dominant terrestrial vertebrates for over 160 million years, from the Late Triassic -LRB- about 230 million years ago -RRB- until the end of the Cretaceous -LRB- about 65 million years ago - RRB-.
Watson was cast as Hermione at the age of nine, having previously only performed in school plays. From 2001 to 2010, she starred in seven Harry Potter films alongside Daniel Radcliffe and Rupert Grint; she will return for the final installment: the second installment of Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows.
In the 2000s, pop punk band Green Day produced two Grammy-winning concept albums, 2004's American Idiot and 2009's 21st Century Breakdown '21st Century Breakdown' after Green Day 'American Idiot'. the politically charged 2004 concept album that sold over five million copies domestically and an estimated 12 million worldwide /O., The Next Morning 'American Idiot', The New York Times.
The next morning, after crossing the state, Tropical Storm Katrina moved into the Gulf of Mexico, intensified to hurricane strength and, due to the warm waters of the Loop Current, began to deepen rapidly.
The terms graphite reinforced polymer or graphite fiber reinforced polymer -LRB-GFRP-RRB- are also used but less commonly, because glass fiber reinforced polymer -LRB--RRB- can also be called GFRP.
Helsinki has the largest exhibition center in Finland.
Statistics of the Austrian Football Bundesliga in the season 1995/1996.
He won about 30 tournaments in his professional life, including tournaments in Wijk aan Zee -LRB- in 1992 and 1994 -RRB- and first places in Biel -LRB- 1993 -RRB- , Dos Hermanas -LRB- 1994 -RRB - , Belgrade -LRB- 1995 -RRB- , Tilburg -LRB- 1996 -RRB- , MalmÃ -LRB- 1999 -RRB- and Pamplona -LRB- 2004 -RRB- .
Mullah Mohammed Omar -LRB-; born c. 1959 -RRB-, often simply referred to as Mullah Omar, is the spiritual leader of the Taliban movement which operates in parts of Afghanistan and Pakistan.
Today there are thousands of Cayce students and over 300 books written about Edgar Cayce.
Construction of the first Baja Bug is generally credited to Gary Emory of Parts Obsolete, circa 1968.
Gamarthe is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in southwestern France.
Harnoncourt and his wife Alice Harnoncourt raised four children.
-LRB- born February 20, 1981 -RRB- is an American musician, best known as the mandolinist and singer of the progressive acoustic trio Nickel Creek.
Saint-Jean-le-Vieux is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Its professors included some of the greatest economists: Nobel laureates James Tobin and Thomas Schelling, to name a few.
Eurythmics - unreleased bonus track on the 2005 remaster of the album Touch -LRB-/O1983/O-RRB-
For example, common window glass is an amorphous solid, many polymers -LRB- such as polystyrene -RRB- are amorphous, and even foods such as cotton candy are amorphous solids.
Puntland is a region in northeastern Somalia, centered on Garowe in Nugaal Province.
Dolnà Krupu is a village and municipality in the Trnava district in the Trnava region of Slovakia.
Saint-Pierre-sur-Doux is a commune in the Ardèche department in southern France.
League of Ireland statistics in the 1934/35 season.
In the Prose Edda, Njord was listed as ''the third among the Aesir'', and among the Asyncjur, Freyja is always ranked second after Frigg.
On Sunday morning, when most of the borough is at church, Ellen speaks with John, the apprentice.
A quantum mechanical system or a particle that is bound, confined in space, can only take on certain discrete values ​​of energy.
-LRB- This ''software locking'' was proposed as a built-in software feature in , and is already a feature of other wiki software. -RRB-
In architecture and building engineering, a floor plan, or floor plan, is a diagram, usually to scale, showing a top view of the relationships between rooms, spaces, and other physical characteristics at one level of a structure.
Schneider decided to live and work in France, gradually gaining the interest of filmmakers like Orson Welles for The Trial -LRB- 1962 -RRB-, based on The Trial by Franz Kafka and presented by Delon to Luchino Visconti.
reference
The trap contains a fluid from the production of the plant, which can be watery or syrupy and which serves to drown the prey.
Almost immediately, Jenna Morasca and Heidi Strobel offered to strip if they were provided with chocolate and peanut butter.
1147 – The Portuguese, under Afonso I, and the Crusaders from England and Flanders conquer Lisbon after a four-month siege.
The wing is a classic example of convergent evolution in action.
Nucleobases -LRB- or nucleotide bases\/nitrogenous bases\/aglycones -RRB- are the parts of DNA and RNA that can be involved in pairing -LRB- see also base pairs -RRB- .
Perceval was the seventh son of John Perceval, 2nd Earl of Egmont, the second son from the Earl's second marriage.
Football League of Ireland statistics in the 1946/1947 season.
Eschatology covers the death of human beings, their souls after bodily death, the total destruction of this world, the resurrection of human souls, the final judgments of human deeds by Allah after the resurrection, and the rewards and punishments for believers and non-believers. -believers respectively.
The Foo Fighters are an American hard rock band from Seattle, Washington, formed in 1995.
Kiribati became independent from the UK in 1979.
Old toys were often made by the parents and family of the children who used them, or by the children themselves.
The capital of Alberta is Edmonton, located just south of the center of the province.
The organization has reported extensively on the anti-war movement and helped put Cindy Sheehan on the map by publishing many of her writings.
Toulenne is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France.
is a Japanese footballer who plays for Consadole Sapporo.
When he failed to show up at the pay-per-view, viewers were told he was unable to compete due to a ''family emergency'' and he was replaced in the title match by Johnny Nitro.
These other aerobic reactions use pyruvate and NADH+H+ from glycolysis.
A rare, hard, blue-gray, and shiny transition metal, tantalum is very resistant to corrosion and occurs naturally in the mineral tantalite, always with the chemically similar niobium.
Cable Modems and VoIP With the advent of Voice over Internet Protocol -LRB- VoIP -RRB- telephony, cable modems have been extended to provide telephone service.
He has composed music for solo piano, chamber music, oratorio, opera, ballet music and orchestral music.
Léaupartie is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France.
Cabrillo Beach is a popular destination for those interested in water sports, such as windsurfing, kayaking and scuba diving.
He competed in the 1959 World Championship in the Netherlands in the individual pursuit and the professional road race, finishing fourth in both.
William Jonathan Drayton, Jr. -LRB- born March 16, 1959 -RRB-, better known by his stage name Flavor Flav, is an American rapper and television personality who rose to prominence as a member of the band of rap Public Enemy.
The inhabitants of the three villages were buried in mass graves by a bulldozer.
Dalwal is a village and union council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. Dalwal - Genomics of falling rain
image_skyline=Tulcea.
Economy The economy of San José de Ocoa is based on agriculture; the main crops are coffee, beans and potato.
5 There are a multitude of dates which could be considered to mark Independence -LRB- see Independence of New Zealand -RRB- .6 Number of people who usually live in New Zealand .7 The Chatham Islands have one time zone separate, 45 minutes ahead of the rest of New Zealand.8 The territories of Niue, Cook Islands and Tokelau have their own cctlds, .
The 1960s was the decade that began on January 1, 1960 and ended on December 31, 1969.
During this time, Burnham befriended Baden-Powell and passed on both his outdoor skills and his spirit for what would later become scouting.
Alan Parker directed the film, with Madonna in the title role, Antonio Banderas as Che and Jonathan Pryce as PerÃn/O. The film was nominated for five Oscars, including Best Original Song -LRB- ''You Must Love Me'', composed especially for the film -RRB-.
Saint-Martin-de-Valamas is a commune in the Ardèche department in southern France.
The wingspan measures from 4.5 to 6.8 cm.
Monroe consistently refused to follow Wilder's instructions or insisted on numerous single scene reshoots until she was satisfied.
The islands experienced considerable economic difficulties following the collapse of the fishing industry in the early 1990s, but have since made efforts to diversify the economy.
43 Ariadne is a fairly large and bright main-belt asteroid.
''No doubt: the recording of a new album revolves around Saturn''.
Origin and usage of the term Before the rise of the NSDAP, the term Wehrmacht generically described the national armed forces, of any nation, being used as the ''home defense'' version of the German Streitmacht or war forces foreign, thus, Britische Wehrmacht meant ''British defense forces''.
A three-dimensional object always rotates around an imaginary line called the axis of rotation.
Repentance is a recognized act in Judaism, Christianity, Islam and other religions.
Ralf Sigvard Edstràm -LRB- born October 7, 1952 in Degerfors -RRB- is a former Swedish footballer.
It is the largest such region by area, covering inter alia Bristol, Gloucestershire, Somerset, Dorset, Wiltshire, Devon, Cornwall and the Isles of Scilly.
Theodore ''Ted'' Strickland -LRB- born August 4, 1941 -RRB- was the 68th Governor of Ohio, serving from 2007 to 2011.
It is part of the Lesser Sunda Islands chain, with the Lombok Strait separating it from Bali to the west and the Alas Strait between it and Sumbawa to the east.
Besides ''cooked'', other common clues that the clue contains an anagram are words such as ''blurred'', ''mixed'', ''confused'', ''cooked'' or '' twisted'.
The Giant crane fly -LRB- Holorusia rubiginosa -RRB- of the western United States can reach 38 mm -LRB- 1.5 inches -RRB- .
I really wasn't preparing for the future at all.
This is the last large-scale crusade of the Middle Ages.
Krill are present in all the oceans of the world.
Monocytes are usually identified in stained smears by their large kidney-shaped or notched nuclei.
See Armenian Highlands for geographic region.
In Western philosophy, language has long been closely associated with reason, which is also a uniquely human way of using symbols.
Real estate and personal property are the two main subunits of property in English common law.
The Maremma Natural Park is located in the province http://www.parco-maremma.it .
As of the 2006 census, Tibooburra had a population of 161.
More modern V6 90 engine designs avoid these vibration problems by using crankshafts with staggered split crankpins to even out firing intervals, and often add balance shafts to eliminate other vibration problems.
Allen Hill's pastorate was short-lived at about 4 months.
His marriage to the African-American dancer caused shock and disapproval in his social circles, but the ostracized couple stayed together.
She wrote the three-volume books Oboe Technique and Oboist's Companion, as well as her autobiography Living with Glorious John.
Montcornet is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France.
She died on October 18, 1982 of congestive heart failure; a private funeral service was held on October 21, after which she was buried next to her husband in the courtyard of the Harry S. Truman Library.
Cressida is an inner satellite of Uranus.
The game is played against teams that hit -LRB- and do not catch -RRB- the ball with a bare or gloved hand.
It was the first British newspaper to include a singles chart, first appearing in the 14 November 1952 edition.
Rau died in Berlin on January 27, 2006.
Like many oriental spices, pepper was historically both a seasoning and a medicine.
It was declared a town only recently, in 2004, and it contains, next to the main town of Dolhasca, seven other villages.
DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf lies in the center of the Bas-Rhin basin, on a river delta, where the DÃ 1\/4 ssel flows into the Rhine.
Lauscha is a municipality in the district of Sonneberg, Thuringia, Germany.
In 1815, at the start of the Bourbon Restoration, Louis XVIII swapped the Hôtel Matignon with her for the Élysée Palace.
Wimbledon railway station is a National Rail, London Underground and Tramlink station located in Wimbledon in the London Borough of Merton, and is the only railway station in London which interchanges between rail, Underground and Tramlink services.
During the Civil War, a battle took place here in 1648, resulting in victory for the Parliamentarian forces.
Montenescourt is a French commune in the department of Pas-de-Calais in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region.
One type of scientific skepticism refers to the critical analysis of claims that lack empirical evidence.
He was one of three original animators -LRB- along with David Silverman and Bill Kopp -RRB- on the Tracey Ullman Shorts of The Simpsons and went on to direct a number of Simpsons -LRB- episodes many of which had John Swartzwelder as episode writer. -RRB- before becoming supervising director at King of the Hill.
Olympic Flame, eternal flame used as a symbol of the Olympic Games
The cleantech revolution -LRB- PDF -RRB- p. 3 .
Transcription is often confused with transliteration, due to a common journalistic practice of mixing elements of both in the rendering of foreign names.
Boutros Boutros-Ghali -LRB- Arabic: , Coptic: B - -RRB- -LRB- born November 14, 1922 -RRB- is an Egyptian diplomat who was the sixth Secretary General of the United Nations -LRB- UN -RRB- from January 1992 to December 1996.
In 2000, she resigned as director of Mary Quant Ltd., her cosmetics company, after a Japanese takeover.
Chak Umra is a village and union council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Chakwal Tehsil.
Along with Truman Capote, Joan Didion, Hunter S. Thompson, John McPhee, and Tom Wolfe, Mailer is considered an innovator of creative nonfiction, a genre sometimes called New Journalism, which superimposes the nonfiction novel and essay.
Steam generated by: Biomass The sun as a heat source: Parabolic solar troughs and solar towers concentrate sunlight to heat a heat transfer fluid, which is then used to produce steam.
It was at the end of the 18th century that a controversy over its real existence broke out.
Period = from:0 to:35000
The Redfern Riots on the evening of Saturday February 14, 2004 were an event in the inner Sydney suburb of Redfern sparked by the death of Thomas 'TJ' Hickey, a 17-year-old Indigenous Australian.
Species from different parts of the world hybridize easily, giving rise to the many types of garden roses.
Sun Quan died in 252 at the age of 70.
It was discovered by Brett J. Gladman, et al. .
Jerome Lester ''Jerry'' Horwitz -LRB- October 22, 1903 â€“ January 18, 1952 -RRB- , better known by his stage name Curly Howard , was an American comedian and vaudevillian .
Qutb ud-Din proclaims the Mamluk dynasty in India, the first dynasty of the Delhi Sultanate.
Flaviac is a commune in the Ardèche department in southern France.
Guise is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France.
The lakes of Titan, a moon of Saturn, are bodies of liquid ethane and methane that were detected by the Cassini-Huygens space probe, and had been suspected long before.
Cadmium compounds have been used to stabilize the plastic. Except for its use in nickel-cadmium batteries and cadmium telluride solar panels, the use of cadmium is generally declining in its other applications.
Colombia also shares maritime borders with Jamaica, Haiti, the Dominican Republic, Honduras, Nicaragua and Costa Rica.
He was arrested in 1897 for demonstrating against the Japanese monarchy, then released in 1904 and traveled to the United States.
For example, Hathor was venerated as a nocturnal protector in the desert regions -LRB- see Serabit el-Khadim -RRB- .
Huygens probe The Huygens probe, provided by the European Space Agency -LRB-ESA-RRB- and named after the 17th century Dutch astronomer Christiaan Huygens, scanned the clouds, atmosphere and surface of Titan, the Saturn's moon during its descent on January 15, 2005.
Roosevelt was responsible for the eventual establishment, in 1964, of the 2,800 acre -LRB- 11 km2 -RRB- Roosevelt Campobello International Park on Campobello Island, New Brunswick, Canada.
One of his first acts as emperor was to publicly order a halt to the trials based on charges of treason, which had long plagued the principate.
The league played two full seasons -LRB- 1996-97 and 1997-98 -RRB- and began a third -LRB- 1998-99 -RRB- before folding on December 22, 1998.
That same year, baseball fans named him to the Major League Baseball All-Century Team.
Tattingstone is a village in the Babergh district of Suffolk, approximately 6m south of Ipswich, with a population of over 500. It is the location of Tattingstone Place and also the madness known as Tattingstone Wonder.
As the Countess and Cherubino await Suzanne's return, they suddenly hear the Count arrive, so Cherubino hides in the closet.
Rolling Hills is a city in Jefferson County, Kentucky, United States.
The Bobcat hunts by stalking its prey and then ambushing it with a short chase or leap.
People didn't like that idea and a lot of people didn't like Freud because he thought it was important.
A special feature is smart encoding, which allows you to use 2 encodings at the same time; you can send Unicode and read Unicode and CP-1252 for example.
El Puerto is a great place to sample local tapas and seafood, for which it is famous.
CrO2Cl2 is so aggressive that its storage can be problematic as it attacks rubber and most plastics as well as greases.
The red kangaroo breeds all year round.
Election results , French Ministry of Interior On May 16 , 2008 , she was knighted in the French National Order of Merit , proposed by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs as '' president of an international foundation '' .
Shawn Crahan -LRB- #6 -RRB- Active: 1995 - present Instruments: custom percussion, backing vocals Release contributions: all Slipknot releases Shawn Crahan was a member of the original band formed in 1995 and was initially the sole drummer for a short period of time .
At 36, Jindal became the youngest current governor in the United States.
Mohammad Rez Sh h Pahlavi, Shah of Iran, -LRB- Persian:; October 26, 1919 – July 27, 1980 -RRB-, was the Emperor of Iran from September 16, 1941, until his overthrow by the Iranian Revolution on February 11, 1979.
At age twelve, he won the prestigious National Mandolin Championship at the Walnut Valley Festival in Winfield, Kansas.
Jan Schlaudraff -LRB- born July 18, 1983 in Waldbröl -RRB- is a German footballer who currently plays for Hannover 96, mainly as a striker.
Bishan currently has 3 shopping malls.
Joan Mondale, wife of Walter Mondale.
Teramo is a town and municipality in the central region of Abruzzo, Italy, capital of the province of Teramo.
Buxton is within Greater Manchester's sphere of influence due to its proximity to the area.
The Kansas-Missouri border area became the primary battleground in the conflict over slavery and southern secession that led to the American Civil War.
These can be placed anywhere on the page and can incorporate text, graphics, and inline objects.
Cinderella's Enchanted Castle Activity
Liberal Democratic Party of Germany -LRB- GDR -RRB- -LRB- 1946-52 -RRB-
The most common feature is a cross with a rosette or sun disk below.
Accessed 09/18/2009.
Kagome Higurashi is one of the main protagonists of the series.
Jorge Luis Dely Valdes -LRB- born March 12, 1967 in Colon, Panama -RRB- is a Panamanian footballer, one of the best of his generation.
To the north, the mountain borders the Drôme department.
From 1998 to 2007, Chrysler and its subsidiaries were part of the German company DaimlerChrysler AG -LRB- today Daimler AG -RRB-.
Many artistic developments took place during the Edo period.
Stratford Station is a large multi-level railway station located in Stratford, East London.
is a Japanese footballer who plays for Cerezo Osaka.
Fun and Fancy Free is a 1947 animated feature film produced by Walt Disney and released by RKO Radio Pictures on September 27, 1947.
-LRB- The Western, Central and Eastern Cordillera -RRB- .
Improvisation became an important influence on her early understanding of what it meant to be an actress, as she noted in an interview for The Believer in November 2003:
It is intended to serve as an all-in-one solution for audio and video recording, editing, and other forms of multimedia production.
Hirson is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France.
A horseman's story; with much relating to the campaign on the Peninsula, -LRB- 1861 -- 1862, -RRB- N. York, 1865, 12mo.
In 1996, Serge Vaudenay found a known plaintext attack requiring 28r + 1 known plaintexts to break, where r is the number of turns.
A straight 8 can be timed for inherent primary and secondary balance, with no unbalanced primary or secondary forces or moments.
Evening is the period between late afternoon and night when daylight wanes, around dinner time.
The Southern Mountains form a barrier between the San Fernando Valley and the Los Angeles Basin, separating "the Valley" to the north and west-central Los Angeles to the south; and the northern mountains separate the Conejo Valley from Malibu.
She is also a governor of the London School of Economics and the Open University.
Jamie Cullum - ''Frontin'' -LRB- originally by Pharrell -RRB-
Before being taken over by the BBC, the channel was known as The Parliamentary Channel, initially operated by United Artists Cable and funded by a consortium of UK cable operators. The Parliamentary Channel was launched as a cable-only channel in 1992.
Subdivisions The Union Council is subdivided into the following areas: Dabban, Daloa and Naroka.
The Council was the first effort to achieve consensus in the church through an assembly representing all of Christendom.
Curitiba has a topography of smooth, rounded hills, giving a relatively regular shape.
''Gallery'', Haji Noor Deen.
Saint-Côme is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France.
The thyroid gland is found in the neck, below -LRB- under -RRB- the thyroid cartilage -LRB- also known as "Adam's apple" -RRB- and at about the same level as the cartilage cricoid.
Sea level on the Great Barrier Reef has not risen significantly in the past 6,000 years.
Cosworth had a long and distinguished career in Formula One, beginning in 1963.
Westphalia instituted the legal concept of sovereignty, which essentially meant that rulers, or legitimate rulers, had no internal equals within a defined territory and no external superiors as ultimate authority within sovereign boundaries of the territory.
Ripa played her sister, a soap opera star whose character was killed off, leading her to move in with Hope's family.
Max Martin
The Core brand comprised two branches: the Duo -LRB- dual-core -RRB- and the Solo -LRB- Duo with one core disabled, which replaced the Pentium M brand of single-core mobile processor -RRB-.
Guerrero and Barr's first break would come when they were noticed in late 1994 by Extreme Championship Wrestling owner Paul Heyman, and were approached to wrestle for him in 1995.
The city of Tizimín is the municipal seat and is located approximately 160 km east of Mérida, Yucatán, 200 km west of Cancún, Quintana Roo, and 42 km south of Río Lagartos, the seaport traditional town on the Gulf of Mexico. .
The parable of the faithful servant -LRB- or parable of the porter -RRB- is a parable of Jesus found in three of the four canonical gospels of the New Testament.
Thomas Spurgeon -LRB- September 20, 1856 October 17, 1917 -RRB- was a British Reformed Baptist preacher of the Metropolitan Tabernacle, one of two non-identical twin sons of the famous Charles Haddon Spurgeon -LRB- 1834-1892 -RRB- .
Other appendages are found on the abdomen, each segment capable of bearing a pair of biramous pleopods, the last of which forms part of the caudal fan -LRB- together with the telson -RRB- and are called uropods.
In the second week of March 2009, Karthikeyan tested for the Kolles Le Mans team.
Gregory Lenoir Allman -LRB- born December 8, 1947 in Nashville, Tennessee -RRB-, known as Gregg Allman -LRB- sometimes spelled Greg Allman -RRB-, is a rock and blues singer, keyboardist, guitarist and songwriter, better known as a founding member of The Allman Brothers Band.
During the immunity challenge, Kim performed very poorly and it looked like she was giving the challenge, while Koror's "buddy system" got them to another immunity win.
On March 28, 1794, the chairman of the commission that developed the metric system, Joseph Louis Lagrange, proposed in a report to the commission the names dàci-jour and centi-jour -LRB- deciday and centiday in English -RRB-.
The Catholic Church, Eastern Orthodox Churches, Eastern Orthodox Churches, Lutheran Churches, and the Anglican Communion consider Peter a saint.
Stewardship of Cockatoo Island was handed over to the Sydney Harbor Federation Trust in 2001 to plan a new chapter for the island as a public urban park.
Terrorism after the Cold War: trends and challenges by Michael Radu -LRB-/O2002/O-RRB- Latin America by Robert B. Kent -LRB- ISBN 978-1572309098 -RRB- , page 141 Organized crime: from trafficking to Terrorism by Frank G. Shanty and Patit Paban Mishra -LRB- ISBN 978-1576073377 -RRB-, page 323
In the first step, light dependent reactions or light reactions capture the energy of light and use it to make the energy storage molecules ATP and NADPH. In the second step, light-independent reactions use these products to capture and reduce carbon dioxide.
YouTube is a video sharing website where users can upload, share and watch videos.
Gesualdo died isolated, in his castle Gesualdo in Avellino, three weeks after the death of his son Emanuele, his first son from his marriage to Maria. A 20th-century biographer has suggested that Gesualdo may have been murdered by his wife.
Freedom of the City is an honor granted by some municipalities in Australia, Canada, Ireland, France, Italy, New Zealand, South Africa, the United Kingdom and Zimbabwe to esteemed members of his community or to organizations that have rendered heroic service to the community. ; the term applies to two distinct distinctions, one civilian and one military.
Both worked in Tasmania for a few months, but on February 4, 1839, Gilbert went to Swan River Colony.
We then warmly applauded the flag , the emblem of civil and religious freedom , and may it be a sign for the natives that the dawn of freedom , civilization and Christianity is about to come . rise on them.
A religious denomination is a subgroup within a religion that operates under a common name, tradition, and identity.
This list of wrecks is a list of those sunken ships whose remains have been located.
Encyclopedia2.
Reux is a commune in the Calvados department of the Lower Normandy region in northwestern France.
For the role of Simon's sister, River Tam, Whedon brought in Summer Glau for a same-day audition and test.
Prior to 1900, Hiram College's library facilities consisted of the small libraries of each of the student literary societies: Delphic, Hesperian, and Olive Branch.
She was born Evelyn Rothwell and was known professionally by that name until she was widowed, when she became known as Evelyn Barbirolli.
Hy-Vee -LRB- -RRB- is an employee-owned supermarket chain located in the Midwestern United States.
Its borders have changed considerably over time, but today the region is considered to include parts of five Balkan countries: Greece, the Republic of Macedonia, Bulgaria, Albania, Serbia, as well as Kosovo .
While Bruni and Machiavelli used the term to describe the non-monarchical states of northern Italy, res publica has a set of interrelated meanings in the original Latin.
Karel Svoboda was born in Prague, Czechoslovakia -LRB- now Prague, Czech Republic -RRB- and began his career as a pop composer after dropping out of medicine in his third year of university.
He is credited with industrializing the Republic of Korea through export-led growth.
Hyphenation is also commonly used to avoid unsightly spaces in -LRB- justified text, for example, in -RRB- newspaper columns.
Traditionally, resistors were used to limit the initial current.
Genus Heteromys
The Battle of Kosovo was an important victory for the Ottomans.
The Möbius strip or Möbius strip -LRB- or in English, in German -RRB- -LRB- alternatively written Mobius or Moebius in English -RRB- is a surface with a single side and a single boundary component.
The Rupal Valley is located in the Astore district of Pakistan's Gilgit-Baltistan region.
It is used in the Gaelic games of hurling, camogie, rounders and shinty.
Smoot was born in Yukon, Florida.
War of the Austrian Succession First Battle of Cape Finisterre: the British navy defeats a French fleet.
''Aias'' redirects here.
In 2003, he played a villainous role in the third installment of the Spy Kids 3-D Spy Kids Trilogy: Game Over which was a huge box office hit -LRB- nearly $200 million worldwide - RRB-.
This e-journal, currently called Hawk-Eye, is available at a limited number of high-level ATP tournaments.
The first solid proof of its existence dates from the 7th century; a Chinese monk, I-Tsing, wrote that he visited Srivijaya in 671 for 6 months.
Apart from a few countries where hydroelectricity is abundant, this power source is normally applied at peak load demand, as it is easily stopped and restarted.
Nine teams each played 48 games.
The Kia Sorento is a mid-size crossover SUV produced since 2002 by South Korean automaker Kia Motors.
The Imperial Household of Japan, p. 29 .
During the 1960s he was involved in extramarital affairs with Nichelle NicholsNichelle Nichols, Beyond Uhura: Star Trek and Other Memories, GP Putnam & Sons, New York, 1994.
The valley is heavily irrigated, well populated and crowded with small fortified villages, orchards and groves, against which the dark pine forests and alpine snows of Safed Koh provide a beautiful backdrop.
Beginning in 1989, Swedish physician and scientist Staffan Lindeberg, now an associate professor at Lund University, Sweden, conducted scientific surveys of the non-Westernized population of Kitava, one of the Trobriand Islands of Papua. -New Guinea.
Here are point and click adventure games.
Anvil of Stars – a sequel to The Forge of God – and Moving Mars both postulate physics based on the exchange of information between particles, capable of being modified at the ''bit'' level. ''
Some genera -LRB-, for example Cordyline and Dracaena -RRB- are sometimes separated into a separate family, Dracaenaceae, although recent research has tended to incorporate them into a larger family Ruscaceae.
Jerry Seinfeld, Bill Hicks, Sam Kinison, Louis CK, Bill Cosby, Lewis Black, Jon Stewart, Stephen Colbert,
The Gedeputeerde Staten, a college responsible for most executive tasks, chaired by the Crown-appointed Commissaris van de Koningin, is elected from among its members.
The Sint Maarten national football team is the football team of Sint Maarten, the Dutch half of the island of Saint Martin which was part of the former Netherlands Antilles -LRB- not to be confused with the team of half French, the Saint-Martin national football team -RRB- and is controlled by the Sint Maarten Soccer Association.
June January 17 - Pope Gregory XI moves the papacy from Avignon to Rome.
At Ancestry.com Her father, John Stewart, is a television manager and producer who worked for Fox.
The band consists of Ben Kowalewicz -LRB- lead vocals -RRB-, Ian D'Sa -LRB- lead guitar and backing vocals -RRB-, Jon Gallant -LRB- bass guitar and backing vocals -RRB- and Aaron Solowoniuk -LRB- drums and percussion -RRB-.
Claremore is a city and the county seat of Rogers County, Oklahoma, United States.
His older brother Sun Ce carved out a warlord state for himself in the region, based on his own followers and a number of local clan allegiances.
Treaty of Nice, treaty adopted in Nice by the European Council
The 'Nagami' kumquat requires a hot summer, ranging from 25°C to 38°C -LRB- 77° to 100°F -RRB-, but can withstand freezing down to about -10°C without injury.
Initially, there were no shops or traffic lights in Parkland, although this changed in the early 2000s. Parkland is also one of the wealthiest towns in Florida and home to many celebrities.
The official language of West Punjab was Urdu, but most of the population spoke Punjabi using the Shahmukhi script.
There was considerable resistance from Nupedia editors and reviewers to the idea of ​​associating Nupedia with a wiki-formatted website, so the new project was given the name "Wikipedia" and started on its own domain, wikipedia. com, Jan 15 -LRB- now referred to as '' '' by some -RRB- users.
In Greek mythology, Cratos was a son of Pallas and Styx, and he was the personification of strength and power.
BBC Radio 7 -LRB- known until 4 October 2008 as BBC 7 -RRB- is a British digital radio station broadcasting comedy, drama and children's programming nationwide 24 hours a day.
Born in New York, New York, he worked for The Walt Disney Company as a character designer and screenwriter beginning in 1933 on the Mickey Mouse short film, ''Mickey's Gala Premiere''.
Rosignano Marittimo is a commune comune -LRB- municipality -RRB- in the province of Livorno in the Italian region of Tuscany, located about 80 km southwest of Florence and about 20 km southeast of Livorno.
The city has approximately 115,426 inhabitants and is thus the second largest city in the region.
Croydon Palace was the Archbishop of Canterbury's summer residence for over 500 years and has hosted regular visitors such as Henry III and Queen Elizabeth I/PERSON. It is believed to have been built around 960.
Raul spent most of his career playing for Spanish club Real Madrid until 2010 and is the club's all-time top scorer.
The identical Voyager 1 and Voyager 2 probes were designed with the possibility of a Grand Tour in mind, and their launches were timed to allow for the Grand Tour if all went well.
It broadcasts a high-definition digital signal on UHF channel 48 from a transmitter on the north side of Pittsburgh.
The city is one of the fastest growing cities in all of Ireland.
In Italian, a tent pole is known as the central antenna, and the pole with a wire beside it used as an antenna was simply called the antenna.
Pongidae Elliot, 1913
Kansas are an American rock band that rose to popularity in the 1970s initially on the album-oriented rock charts, and later with hit singles such as ''Carry On Wayward Son'' and ''Dust in the Wind''. '.
Electrophysiology -LRB- from Greek, Ä ''lektron, ''amber'' -LRB- see etymology of ''electron'' -RRB-; , physis , '' nature , origin '' ; and , -logia -RRB- is the study of the electrical properties of biological cells and tissues.
Moreover, half of the opera takes place in a historical setting, and the other half in the mythological Venusberg.
In the first seven seasons, there were only sixteen contestants.
The Bahrain Grand Prix -LRB- -RRB- is a Formula One championship race first held at the Bahrain International Circuit on 4 April 2004.
This day is a public holiday for all who work in the metropolis of Melbourne, but not for the country of Victoria.
The city was located in the center of an important region between the Klokotnitsa, Harmanliyska and Maritsa rivers.
The word ''Do Aabi'' means ''the land between two rivers'' and this dialect is spoken between the rivers of Beas and Sutlej.
On her way to Heathrow Airport to start her new job at Air Australia, her car suffers a flat tire.
Vaishali or Vesali -LRB- Pali -RRB- was the capital of Licchavi, one of the first democratic republics in the world, in the Vajjian Confederacy -LRB- Vrijji -RRB- mahajanapada, around the 6th century BC.
Riftia pachyptila lives over a mile deep and up to several miles deep on the Pacific Ocean floor near black smokers and can tolerate extremely high temperatures and sulfur levels.
The wolverine is distributed primarily in remote areas of the northern boreal forests and subarctic and alpine tundra of the northern hemisphere, with the greatest numbers in Alaska, Canada, northern Europe, and western of Russia and Siberia.
Yasuo Manaka -LRB- born January 31, 1971 -RRB- is a former Japanese footballer.
Lacon is a city and the county seat of Marshall County, Illinois, USA.
Although mechanical bulls are still commonly used for rodeo training, they are also used as a ride, both as mobile rental -LRB- i.e. party entertainment -RRB- and stationary entertainment in bars, restaurants and clubs.
Shooto;
Vasily Jakovlevich Zinger -LRB- February 11, 1836 â '' March 2, 1907 -RRB- was a prominent Russian mathematician, botanist and philosopher .
The following year, she became a student of Géza Maróczy, considered one of the best chess masters of the first decades of the 20th century.
European exploration in the area began in 1815 and was followed two years later by John Oxley crossing the area on an expedition to explore the interior.
In 2003, Rolling Stone magazine ranked Allman second on its list of the 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time; just behind Jimi Hendrix.
United Paramount Network -LRB- UPN -RRB- was a television network that aired in over 200 markets in the United States from 1995 to 2006.
Brand New Eyes is the third studio album by American alternative rock band Paramore, released on September 29, 2009 via Fueled by Ramen in the United States and Canada.
Such a building can be qualified as a residential building, especially if it is made up of several apartments for rent.
The 2006 Central Pacific Cyclone, also known as 91C.
It is the only one of five copies to be privately owned.
In its first season, The West Wing won nine Emmys, a record for the most won by a series in its first season.
Adaptation to Arctic Spitz types is well suited to life in harsh northern climates.
The official and vernacular language is Hungarian, which is part of the Finno-Ugric family, therefore one of the four official languages ​​of the European Union which are not of Indo-European origin.
On May 19, 1962, Monroe made her last significant public appearance, singing "Happy Birthday, Mr. President" at a birthday party for President John F. Kennedy at Madison Square Garden.
Ceyzérieu is a commune in the department of Ain in eastern France.
T is the twentieth letter of the basic modern Latin alphabet.
These mosques have square or rectangular plans with an enclosed courtyard and a covered prayer hall.
On November 11, 1869, Margherita gave birth to Victor Emmanuel, Prince of Naples, then Victor Emmanuel III of Italy.
Infraclass Holostei -LRB- guys and bowfins -RRB-
Classes 371, 381 and 471 were proposed electric multiple unit classes of the Networker family of trains intended to operate services in the South East of England.
The city is the capital of Mirpur Mathelo Taluka and is administratively subdivided into two union councils.
A triode is an electronic amplifying device with three active electrodes.
There are over 142,200 people buried at the cemetery, with over 150 annual internments.
County capital of Romania A municipality -LRB-municipiu in Romanian, from the Latin municipium -RRB- is a level of administrative subdivision in Romania.
The first train carried 20 containers with a capacity of about and will depart from Islamabad, passing through Tehran, Iran, and on to Istanbul in two weeks.
James Douglas ''Jim'' Morrison -LRB- December 8, 1943 - July 3, 1971 -RRB- was the lead singer and lyricist of the American band The Doors.
Peat from the world's peatlands has been forming for 360 million years and contains 550 Gt of carbon.
The county has a major international airport, Oslo Airport, Gardermoen.
Monteux was so successful in improving the orchestra that NBC began broadcasting some of its concerts, and RCA Victor offered the orchestra a new recording contract in 1941.
Nyssa was created by writer Johnny Byrne for the Fourth Doctor series The Keeper of Traken, but the production team later decided she should join the Doctor on his travels.
The Social Democratic Party of Germany -LRB- Sozialdemokratische Partei Deutschlands - SPD -RRB- is the oldest political party in Germany.
Academic Excellence Award -LRB- SEA -RRB-, Ministry of Education, 2006.
Jane Seymour -LRB- 1508 – October 24, 1537 -RRB- was Queen consort of England as the third wife of King Henry VIII.
JÃ nos Bolyai -LRB- pronounced -RRB- -LRB- December 15, 1802 â '' January 27, 1860 -RRB- was a Hungarian mathematician, known for his work in non-Euclidean geometry.
Access In some countries, for example the UK, utility poles have sets of brackets arranged in a standard pattern on the pole to act as hand and foot sockets for maintenance and repair workers, called linemen, can climb the pole to work on the pole. lines.
The New Price Is Right -LRB- 1994-1995 -RRB-: A short-lived daily syndicated nighttime version hosted by Doug Davidson.
At the end of each season, members of the Professional Hockey Writers' Association vote to determine which player was the best defenseman during the regular season.
populationof=popofyear=
Pretoria is contained within the Metropolitan Municipality of the City of Tshwane as one of several former Constituent Administrations -LRB- among which are Centurion and Soshanguve -RRB-.
Ethelbert Woodbridge Nevin -LRB- November 25, 1862 - February 17, 1901 -RRB- was an American pianist and composer.
Katharine Hope McPhee -LRB- born March 25, 1984 -RRB- is an American pop singer, songwriter, actress, model and television personality.
The flowers are tiny, yellow, with 5 petals and are usually two or three in the axils of the leaves.
Theater Piper made her stage debut in a touring production of Christopher Hampton's play Treats, which opened in early 2007 in Windsor.
Melling made his debut for Britain in the 42-14 win over the French on June 22, 2007, despite injury.
1928 & ndash; Marion Ross, American actress
Other well-known Muppets include Sesame Street characters such as Big Bird, Oscar the Grouch, Elmo, Zoe, Bert and Ernie, Cookie Monster, Grover, Abby Cadabby and The Count, as well as main characters from Fraggle Rock.
Taylor is considered one of the great actresses of Hollywood's Golden Age.
It focuses its research on politics , culture , economy , education , environment , science and technology in Wales , with the aim of developing proposals for " the innovation and improvement of policies” and to promote new thinking on Welsh issues.
During the 1970s and 1980s, Schönefeld had its own crossing points through the Berlin Wall and Communist fortifications for Western citizens.
Silkworm legends In China, there is a legend that the discovery of silkworm silk was made by an ancient empress called Xi Ling-Shi.
The province covered an area of ​​160,622 km, including much of present-day Punjab province and the capital territory of Islamabad, but excluding the former princely state of Bahawalpur.
The city of Dubai was an important port of call for foreign traders, mainly those from Iran, many of whom eventually settled in the city.
7th century Tamil Nadu saw the rise of the Pallavas under Mahendravarman I and his son Mamalla Narasimhavarman I/O. The Pallavas were not a recognized political power until the 2nd century.
Vättern is the second largest lake -LRB- by area -RRB- in Sweden, after Lake Vänern and the sixth largest lake in Europe.
The term is not always used consistently: some use it to refer to any extramarital sex, some use it to refer to sex in a casual relationship, while others reserve it for one-off encounters, promiscuity or to designate sex in a sexual relationship. lack of emotional attachment or love.
The Tillamook are a Native American tribe from Oregon of the Salish language group.
The Goonyella railway line which serves a number of coal mines in the Bowen Basin was closed for a week and grain shipments were also delayed.
Lucas Sang -LRB- February 12, 1961 - January 1, 2008 -RRB- was a Kenyan athlete who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics, held in Seoul.
As of January 1, 2006, Nazareth had a total population of 10,947.
Julio Salinas Fernández -LRB- born September 11, 1962 in Bilbao, Basque Country -RRB- is a former Spanish-Basque footballer during the 1980s and 1990s.
Another early example of town twinning dates back to 1947 when Bristol Corporation -LRB- later Bristol City Council -RRB- sent five "leading citizens" on goodwill missions to Hanover.
Jill Tracy Jacobs Biden -LRB- born June 5, 1951 -RRB- is an American educator and, as the wife of United States Vice President Joe Biden, is the second lady of the United States.
Completely restored in 2000, its eight 42f-wide arches reach 70f above the Stoke Rivers Valley - England's largest narrow gauge railway structure.
Rubidium -LRB- Latin: , the deepest red -RRB- was discovered in 1861 by Robert Bunsen and Gustav Kirchhoff in the mineral lepidolite through the use of a spectroscope.
In 1918 - 19 VÃzina won 10 games and helped the Canadiens defeat the Ottawa Senators in the NHL playoffs for the right to play for the Stanley Cup against the PCHA champion Seattle Metropolitans.
Girls usually finish puberty between the ages of 15 and 17, while boys usually finish puberty between 16 and 18.
A crescent is a shape, form or symbol.
This release is different from the deluxe edition bonus disc of the original album in that it excludes remixes of ''SOS'' and the bonus tracks ''Cry'' and ''Haunted''.
The Aristocats is an animated feature film produced and released by Walt Disney Productions in 1970 and stars Eva Gabor and Phil Harris, with Roddy Maude-Roxby as Edgar the Butler, the villain of the story.
If the animal is prey, the behavior or characteristics of its predator can influence the development of camouflage.
They work closely with the UN and other organizations.
Some straight-to-video studio films are films that were completed but never released.
Although it produced the hit ''Minority'' and a smaller hit ''Warning'', some observers concluded that the group was losing its relevance, and a decline in popularity ensued.
Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends is an American animated television series created and produced at Cartoon Network Studios and Boulder MediaPowerpuff Girls 10th Anniversary Interview With Creator Craig McCracken Cold Hard Flash: Flash Animation News, Videos and Links by animator Craig McCracken.
In the Cloverly and Antlers formations, remains of Deinonychus have been found closely associated with those of the ornithopod Tenontosaurus.
The Microsoft Network debuted as an online service and Internet service provider on August 24, 1995, to coincide with the release of the Windows 95 operating system.About.com - Microsoft Timeline and Profile
On September 23, the low pressure area moved over the Yucatan Peninsula and produced thunderstorms from the southern Gulf of Mexico to the northwest Caribbean Sea.
June 6 & ndash; The Ashmolean Museum opens as the world's first university museum.
Tarot cards are used in much of Europe for playing card games.
Located on the northwest coast of the island, it is the port of the island, with facilities for unloading goods delivered to the island, and the center of the island's road and communication network.
It averages 4 feet -LRB- 120 cm -RRB- long but can reach 6 feet -LRB- 180 cm -RRB- long.
His specialty was animating Mickey Mouse as he was the only one of the Nine Old Men to work on this character since his origins with Ub Iwerks.
-LRB- At one point ''Mr Preview'' accuses Eric Morecambe of playing the wrong notes; Eric replies that he plays ''the right notes, but not necessarily in the right order''. ''-RRB-
is a Japanese soccer player who currently plays for Ventforet Kofu.
The project is made up of Red Hat employees, but theoretically operates independently.
Albert Jacka VC, MC & Bar -LRB- January 10, 1893 – 17 January 1932 -RRB- was an Australian recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest decoration for gallantry ''in the face of the enemy'' which can be awarded to members of the British and Commonwealth Armed Forces .
From the Middle Ages to the Enlightenment, "science" had more or less the same kind of very broad meaning in English that "philosophy" had at that time.
Eagle automobile, an automobile marque of the Chrysler Corporation from 1988 to 1998
The Advance Wars series on the Game Boy Advance allowed for link play using link cables.
The regions are divided into provinces -LRB- second level administrative division -RRB- , each headed by a governor -LRB- gobernador -RRB- , appointed by the President .
Paulo Silas do Prado Pereira, better known as Silas -LRB- born August 27, 1965 in Campinas -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player -LRB- football -RRB-.
He also took part in the Band Aid 20 re-recording of ''Do They Know It's Christmas? ''
The area is identified in the London map as one of 35 major centers in Greater London.
Si-mon-ee -RRB- is the crime of paying for the sacraments and therefore for holy offices or positions in the hierarchy of a church, named after Simon Magus, which appears in Acts of the Apostles 8:18- 24.
Latest release The latest stable release is Mandriva Linux 2009 Spring -LRB-2009.1-RRB- , released on 2009-04-29 .
On June 4, 2007, he received his country's highest decoration, the Gran Cruz de la Orden del Sol del Perú. ''
The National Hurricane Center continually predicted that Debby would intensify to hurricane status, although strong vertical shear eventually prevented the storm from becoming a hurricane.
-LRB- 3943 feet -RRB- Location of Jhangi To the south is the municipality of Abbottabad
At the 2000 census the population was 546, making it the second largest town in the North Slope Borough.
Area not found on this page.
The larva, known as the salt marsh caterpillar, is highly variable in color and ranges from pale yellow to dark brownish-black.
Marcionists believed that the wrathful Hebrew God was a separate and inferior entity to the all-forgiving God of the New Testament.
Like most Massive Attack albums, the music often defies categorization, ranging from title track R&B -LRB-, Sly -RRB- to hip hop\/rap -LRB- Karmacoma, Eurochild -RRB- to reggae-tinged synthpop -LRB - Spying Glass -RRB- to classically influenced electronic instrumentals -LRB- Weather Storm, Heat Miser -RRB- .
Over the next few decades, Burke continued to maintain his Labor Party contacts and parliamentary influence, using them to further his career as a pro-business lobbyist.
Lassicourt is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.
June 27 & ndash; Louis XII of France -LRB- d. 1515 -RRB-
It is the capital of the canton of Calvi, which includes Calvi and another municipality, Lumio.
Scientists expect the craft to reach the heliopause in 2015.
It is also the terminus for the Stansted Express, a fast link to London Stansted Airport.
East India is a station of the Docklands Light Railway -LRB- DLR -RRB- in East London.
It was equipped with productivity tools such as OpenOffice.org 1.1.2, Mozilla Firefox -LRB- version 1.0 -RRB- web browser, Gaim -LRB- version 1.0 -RRB-, etc. .
In 1953, the city was renamed Stalinogród -LRB- ''Stalin City'' -RRB- by the Polish communist government.
Georg-Christof Bertsch -LRB- \* Born May 30, 1959 in Seeheim-Jugenheim -RRB- is a German design consultant and university professor.
Note that the corresponding version of Mac OS X may have been released on a different date; refer to the Mac OS X pages for these dates.
A large jetty makes the Arts Center accessible by boat.
Jean Auguste Dominique Ingres -LRB-; August 29, 1780 – January 14, 1867 -RRB- was a French neoclassical painter.
City council, subdivision of France
He played for the Brazil national team.
Caesar also remarried, this time Calpurnia, who was the daughter of another powerful senator.
Appoggiatura Appoggiatura -LRB-, -RRB- comes from the Italian verb appoggiare, ''to lean on''.
A gallon is a measurement of volume approximately equal to four liters.
He is generally known to those outside the field of mathematics for his 1940 essay on the aesthetics of mathematics, A Mathematician's Apology, which is often considered one of the best insights into the mind of a working mathematician written for the layman.
For a right-handed player, this means a backhand starts on the left side of the body, continues through the body on contact with the ball, and ends on the right side of the body, with the racquet over the left shoulder. .
The original four-year sponsorship deal has now been extended through 2013.
Eucalyptus was first introduced from Australia to the rest of the world by Sir Joseph Banks, a botanist, during the 1770 Cook Expedition.
Sofia Gubaidulina used the royal theme of musical offering in her violin concerto Offertorium -LRB- 1980 -RRB-.
However, problems with Mrs Thurber over his salary, together with growing recognition in Europe - he had been made an honorary member of the Gesellschaft der Musikfreunde in Vienna - and a remarkable amount of homesickness made him decide to return to Bohemia.
Heat is transferred from the source, through the ''working body'' of the motor, to the sink, and in this process part of the heat is converted into work by exploiting the properties of a working substance - LRB - usually a gas or liquid -RRB-.
Allison is a city and the county seat of Butler County, Iowa, USA.
A criterium, or crit, is a bicycle race held over a short course -LRB- usually less than 5 km -RRB-, often run on closed city center streets.
The school is notable for being the first university in North America to establish a faculty of mathematics and for having the largest cooperative education program in the world.
These three dynasties were in constant struggle against each other, vying for hegemony over the country.
Big Dogs, based in Santa Barbara, California, was a chain of stores in the United States that offered clothing and apparel under the "Big Dogs" brand name.
On 15 March 2008 the former councils of Noosa Shire, Maroochy Shire and Caloundra City merged to form Sunshine Coast Regional Council.
It has a total seating capacity of 6,310 -LRB- 2,590 -RRB- and therefore currently has less than 50% of the Scottish Premier League criterion of 6,000 seats.
Swiss
Geronimo -LRB- Chiricahua: GoyaaÅ Ã, ''he who yawns''; often spelled Goyathlay or Goyahkla in English -RRB- -LRB- June 16, 1829 - February 17, 1909 -RRB- was a prominent Native American Chief of the Chiricahua Apache who fought against Mexico and the United States for their expansion into the Apache tribe landed for several decades during the Apache Wars.
Some common examples of these three classes are shown below, with live cells in black and dead cells in white.
Normally the Egyptian gods were shown in profile, but instead Bes appeared in portrait, ithyphallic, and sometimes in a soldier's tunic, so as to appear ready to launch an attack against any approaching evil.
The Dreamcast was the first entry in the sixth generation of video game consoles and was released in late 1998, ahead of its contemporaries - Sony's PlayStation 2, Microsoft's Xbox and the Nintendo GameCube.
Rouperroux-le-Coquet is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in northwestern France.
This is the Milner-Barry Gambit, named after Sir Stuart Milner-Barry, considered marginal by current theory, and which has never had supporters at the highest levels of play.
Subcultures have been chronicled by others for a long time, documented, analyzed, classified, rationalized, monitored, scrutinized.
Real tennis is still played by enthusiasts on 47 existing courts in the UK, Australia, USA and France.
The Program for International Student Assessment -LRB- PISA -RRB- is a worldwide triennial test of the academic performance of 15-year-old schoolchildren, the implementation of which is coordinated by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development - LRB - OECD -RRB- .
WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2007 is a professional wrestling video game published by THQ and developed by YUKE's Future Media Creators.
“What does the filler text ''lorem ipsum'' mean? ''
, named after the staging of the musical piece.
He has suffered from Parkinson's disease for about 15 years, had hydrocephalus, pneumonia, broken hips and prostate cancer.
With the onset of the rainy season, when the billabongs and swamps begin to fill with water, the night air is filled with the sounds of frogs such as bullfrogs and marbled frogs.
Milt Gabler eventually became an A&R man for Decca Records, in addition to owning Commodore Records, and he signed Holiday to the label on August 7, 1944, when Holiday was 29.
Throwback uniforms and jerseys are one-time or limited-time variations of a sports team's uniforms designed to resemble that team's past uniforms.
James Benjamin Peake -LRB- born June 18, 1944 -RRB- is a former United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs, serving from 2007 to 2009.
It is a parody of ''It's All about the Benjamins -LRB- Rock Remix -RRB-'' by Sean ''Puff Daddy'' Combs and focuses on the narrator's obsession with his computer hardware .
The film was written and directed by the Wachowski brothers and released simultaneously in sixty countries on November 5, 2003.
Oscar Niemeyer was born in Rio de Janeiro in 1907 in the neighborhood of Laranjeiras, in a street that would later be named after his grandfather Ribeiro de Almeida.
A sponsor is the individual or group that provides support, similar to a benefactor.
Rocks of the Cenozoic era yield a very large number of gastropod fossils, many of these fossils being closely related to modern living forms.
She won the first cycle of Germany's Next Top Model.
None of these bells have survived.
RVD grabbed the briefcase and won the match.
The population was 9,435 at the 2000 census.
From 1939, he worked with Eugen Fink at the Husserl Archives in Louvain.
The University of Florida -LRB- Florida or UF -RRB- is a large public land, sea, and space research university located on a campus in Gainesville, Florida, United States.
It lies in the valley of the Araluen Stream, which joins the Deua River at about the middle of its course.
The angle began when Vince McMahon's son, Shane McMahon, announced on Raw that he had purchased WCW under his father's nose.
The Tampa Bay Rays are a Major League Baseball franchise based in St. Petersburg, Florida, and are the defending American League champions.
Many plants have multiple common names, and many common names refer to multiple distinct plants.
The historic setting dates from around 520 BCE before the temple was rebuilt. 520 BCE falls between the start of the Persian Empire in 539 BCE and 520 BCE, a period which saw major kings such as Zerubbabel help lead the Jews in their return to the land.
He is sometimes called the philosopher of football.
This famous formula signifies the continuity of sovereignty, attached to a personal form of power called Auctoritas.
It's directed by Brett Ratner, who took over when Bryan Singer dropped out to direct Superman Returns.
The city has a population of 52,740 Ayuntamiento de Puertollano - Informe demográfico -LRB- January 2010 -RRB- -LRB-/O2009/O-RRB- .
Sicard invited Gallaudet to Paris to study the school's method of teaching the deaf using manual communication.
Embedded systems control many devices in common use today.
On September 20, while 420 miles -LRB- 680 km -RRB- southwest of Cabo San Lucas, Juliette reached a peak force of 150 mph -LRB- 240 km/h -RRB-, strongest tropical cyclone of the season.
April 18 - Boleslaw I Chrobry is crowned the first king of Poland.
Most major hospitals are associated with cancer support groups that provide a supportive environment to help patients cope and gain the perspective of cancer survivors. Online cancer support groups are also very beneficial for cancer patients, especially to deal with the uncertainty and body image issues inherent in cancer treatment.
This film is number 100 on Bravo's 100 Funniest Movies and 113 on Empire's 500 Greatest Movies of All Time.
Few people know that he combined his career with that of an ordained Anglican minister.
Phocidae: -LRB- the true seals or earless seals -RRB- include about 19 species of highly aquatically adapted, barrel-shaped animals ranging from 45 kg and 1.2 meters in length -LRB- the ringed seal -RRB -, at 2,400 kg and 5 meters -LRB- Southern elephant seal -RRB- .
Modeled on British state schools, throughout the early part of its history the College influenced and was influenced by government and has maintained a reputation as a conservative stronghold since its founding.
Hybrid Theory is the debut album by American rock band Linkin Park, released on October 24, 2000 by Warner Bros.
James was a popular artist in the late 1970s and 1980s, scoring four No. 1 hits on the US R&B charts in the funk and R&B genres.
In the fall of 1554, Foxe moved to Frankfurt, where he served as a preacher for the English church which cared for refugees in the city.
11 The Empire-Builder of Calisota 24 D 93288 Uncle Scrooge #295 The story takes place between 1909-1930.
Stegosaurus -LRB- Diracodon -RRB-laticeps was described by Marsh in 1881, based on a few jaw fragments.
Chinese inventor Zhang Heng -LRB- 78 â '' 139 -RRB- was the first in history to apply driving force to the rotation of the astronomical instrument of an armillary sphere, using a water wheel .
The Seven Habits of Highly Effective People, first published in 1989, is a self-help book written by Stephen R. Covey.
The Alaska Range is a relatively narrow 650 km long -LRB- 400 mi -RRB- mountain range in the south-central region of the U.S. state of Alaska, from Lake Clark to its south end- west to the White River in the Yukon in Canada. Territory to the southeast.
Each year the city hosts a major Remembrance Day service , the largest in the UK outside London in 2006 .
The village is located above the Lago di Vogorno, a reservoir formed by the Verzasca dam.
Although they are older than the megalithic stages of Stonehenge to the south, the two monuments are broadly contemporary.
Arya is able to give directions to the exact location of the Varden: a town called Tronjheim, which is in the mountain Farthen DÃ''r/O. She also adds that they only have four days to reach the Varden or she will die. The group goes in search of the Varden, both to save Arya's life and to escape Galbatorix's wrath.
About 320 km -LRB- 200mi -RRB- in length, the Yaqui flows south and southwest to empty into the Gulf of California.
Selenium monochloride was originally produced by the chlorination of selenium. Currently , it is generated by the reaction of selenium , selenium dioxide and hydrochloric acid : 3 Se + SeO2 + 4 HCl â ' 2 Se2Cl2 + H2O
The city of Temerin has 19,143 inhabitants and the municipality of Temerin 28,201.
This sport and its champions have been described by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Karl Philipp Moritz, Christian Joseph Jagemann, Richard Colt Hoare, Jacob Burckhardt, William Wetmore Story, Giacomo Leopardi, Edmondo de Amicis, Giuseppe Baretti, Antonio Francesco Grazzini, Ottavio Rinuccini, Gabriello Chiabrera, Tommaso Grossi, Giuseppe Gioachino Belli.
Barbuise is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.
A brewery is a building dedicated to the making of beer, although beer can be made at home, and has been for much of beer history. A company that makes beer is called either a brewery or a brewing company.
The construction paper -LRB- the sugar paper -RRB- is a hard, coarse and colored paper.
On November 3, 2008, a work by Malevich titled Suprematist Composition from 1916 set the world record for most Russian art and work sold at auction that year, selling at Sothebyâ€™s in New York for just a little more than 60 million US dollars. LRB- far surpassing its previous record of $17 million set in 2000 -RRB-.
January 23 & ndash; Henry VIII of England, then aged 18, appears incognito in the lists at Richmond, and is applauded for his jousts before revealing himself.
, and ''Oh, yes that's it! ''
Tristan, overjoyed, asks if his ship is in sight, but only a sad tune from the shepherd's pipe is heard.
A nest is a place of refuge to hold an animal's eggs and/or provide a place to live or raise its offspring.
The album was not recorded digitally, but rather on tape.
Arbace comes with news that the people, led by the High Priest of Neptune, claim Idomeneo.
27, n° 1 -RRB- and n° 20 -LRB- op.
In 2001, the Madison Black Wolf became the Lincoln Saltdogs -LRB- Lincoln, Nebraska -RRB- while in 2003 the Duluth-Superior Dukes became the Kansas City T-Bones -LRB- Kansas City, Kansas -RRB-.
Once they crossed the Colorado River, the group rode upstream about four miles to the gold fields.
The star of the Order consists of a silver saltire of Saint Andrew, with clusters of rays between its arms.
Aenictogiton is a genus of ants, comprising seven rarely collected species, and given its own subfamily, Aenictogitoninae.
Gloucestershire -LRB- -RRB- is a county in the South West of England.
Jien reports that Itoku was the second or third son of Emperor Annei, Brown, p. 251 .
In 1899 Bede was made a Doctor of the Church by Leo XIII, a position of theological significance; he is the only native of Great Britain to have obtained this designation -LRB- Anselmo of Canterbury, also a Doctor of the Church, was originally from Italy -RRB-.
They have several common names including ginger ants and tropical fire ants -LRB- English -RRB- , hormigas bravas or hormigas coloradas -LRB- Spanish -RRB- , fourmis de feu -LRB- French -RRB- , Feuerameisen -LRB- German - RRB- , mod-kun-fai -LRB- Thai -RRB- and aka-hi-ari or aka-kami-ari -LRB- Japanese -RRB- .
The creation of the title is generally credited to Prime Minister Benjamin Disraeli.
During the battle, the player can fight, use an item, change the active Pokémon or flee -LRB- the latter is not an option in battles against trainers -RRB-.
The town hosted Victoria's first recorded gold discovery made by James Esmond.
Families celebrating Kwanzaa decorate their homes with artwork; colorful African fabrics such as kente, especially the wearing of caftans by women; and fresh fruits that represent African idealism.
He also ceded the Liaodong Peninsula -LRB- then known to the Western press as Liaotung - the southern part of, now part of modern Liaoning Province -RRB-, the islands of Taiwan -LRB- Formosa -RRB- and Penghu in Japan.
In 2002, the commune had a total population of 77,698 inhabitants: 38,093 men and 39,605 women.
As one of the four remaining voices of the Backstreet Boys, Dorough is notable for his high falsetto voice.
Portrayed by American actor David Duchovny, Mulder was a main character for the first seven seasons, but was limited to a recurring character for the final two seasons due to actor Duchovny wanting to move on.
The hurricane, known as the San Marcos hurricane or the Florida Straits hurricane, caused massive flooding in Cuba and southern Florida, killing 2,000 people.
Englesqueville-en-Auge is a commune in the Calvados department of the Lower Normandy region in northern France.
In 2002, the Royal Dutch\/Shell group purchased Pennzoil-Quaker State to form SOPUS - Shell Oil Products US.
When derived from agricultural sources, plant materials used as fuel can be replaced with plantations for new growth.
Auxon is a commune in the Aube department in northeastern France.
Rather, the name arose because the Russian word Ð Ñ Ð Ñ Ð 1\/2 Ð Ñ -LRB- krasnaya -RRB- can mean either ''red'' or ''beautiful'' -LRB- the latter being rather archaic -RRB- .
It runs from Interstate 275 in Tampa, Florida -LRB- -RRB- to Interstate 95 in Daytona Beach, Florida -LRB- -RRB-.
Klaus Kreimeier, The History of Ufa: A History of Germany's Largest Film Company, 1918 - 1945 -LRB- University of California Press, 1999 -RRB-, p156
Brown's ten years and two months as Chancellor of the Exchequer made him the longest serving chancellor in modern history.
It differs from other traditions of the Latter Day Saint movement in that it also accepts the Pearl of Great Price as part of its canon, and it has a history of teaching eternal marriage, eternal progression, and marriage. plural -LRB- although The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints had abandoned the practice in the early 20th century -RRB-.
Here is a list of notable players who played their first NHL game in 1930 - 31 -LRB- listed with their first team, the asterisk -LRB- \* -RRB- marks their playoff debut -RRB-:
Kubica qualified ninth, beating his more experienced teammate Nick Heidfeld.
The Tuvalu national football team is the international football team of Tuvalu.
He also captained Rapid from 1997 to 2001.
She found that chimpanzees consistently hunted and ate smaller primates like colobus monkeys.
is a natural satellite of Jupiter.
The Undertaker and Steve Austin defeated Kane and Mankind to win the WWF Tag Team Championship -LRB- 5:28 PM -RRB- Undertaker pinned Kane after a Tombstone Piledriver.
They are able to do this because they depend on hydrogenosomes -LRB- or similar organelles -RRB- instead of mitochondria for energy.
A magnetic field is a force field produced by electric charges in motion, by electric fields which vary over time and by the "intrinsic" magnetic field of elementary particles associated with the spin of the particle.
Tosh followed with appearances on such programs as The Tonight Show Starring Jay Leno, Jimmy Kimmel Live!
1910 & ndash; Frank Loesser, American composer -LRB- d. 1969 -RRB-
Beinwil -LRB- Freiamt -RRB- in the canton of Aargau
David Livingstone -LRB- March 19, 1813 – May 1, 1873 -RRB- was a Scottish Congregationalist pioneer medical missionary with the London Missionary Society and explorer in Africa.
Epicurus -LRB-, ''ally, comrade''; 341 BCE â'' 270 BCE -RRB- was an ancient Greek philosopher and the founder of the school of philosophy called Epicureanism.
The Mafeking Cadet Corps was a group of young people who supported the troops by passing messages, which freed up the men for military duties and kept the boys busy during the long siege.
History Orne is one of the 83 original departments created during the French Revolution on March 4, 1790.
The Godfather received Academy Awards for Best Picture, Best Actor, and Best Adapted Screenplay, and was nominated for preservation in the US National Film Registry.
Max Alfred ''Maxi'' Priest -LRB- born June 10, 1962 -RRB- is a British reggae singer of Jamaican descent.
A traditional scheme for classifying English sentences is by the number and types of finite clauses:
Pressure -LRB- the symbol: P -RRB- is the force per unit area applied in a direction perpendicular to the surface of an object.
There is no single known cause for all the different types of leukemia.
Greyhound Lines, Inc., based in Dallas, Texas, is an intercity public bus passenger carrier serving more than 3,700 destinations in the United States, Canada and Mexico, operating under the well-known logo of a leaping greyhound . It was founded in Hibbing , Minnesota , USA in 1914 and incorporated as the '' Greyhound Corporation '' in 1929 .
Wood also courageously introduced many notable European composers to British audiences, particularly Sibelius and composers from the Russian school.
Adventure Parks Group purchased the remainder of the property, which was also subject to the conservation easement.
Hilversum is about 30 km southeast of Amsterdam and 20 km north of Utrecht.
One species, Rhamphosuchus crassidens from India, is believed to have reached a whopping 15 meters -LRB- ~ 50 feet -RRB- or more.
The order contains two suborders, Mysticeti -LRB- baleen whales -RRB- and Odontoceti -LRB- toothed whales, which includes dolphins and porpoises -RRB-.
However , the decline of the Scottish Conservatives has not been steady '' In the 1992 general election , the Scottish Conservatives gained one seat in Scotland to become Scotland 's second largest party , with 11 seats north of the border , and the party is currently second in a number of Scottish seats which could provide the basis for a long-term recovery.
The class is divided into two subclasses: Elasmobranchii -LRB- sharks, rays and rays -RRB- and Holocephali -LRB- chimaeras, sometimes called ghost sharks, which are sometimes separated into their own class -RRB-.
In the central highlands this resulted in unification into a kingdom with the city of Samaria as its capital, possibly in the second half of the 10th century BCE, when an inscription of the Egyptian pharaoh Shoshenq I, the Biblical Shishak, records a series of directed campaigns. to the area.
In October 2006, Apple added a Starbucks Entertainment Zone to the iTunes Store, selling music similar to that played in Starbucks stores.
It appears to belong to a group of its own, with a semi-major axis ~30 G and an inclination ~160 Å.
In 1852, Leenhoff gave birth, out of wedlock, to a son, Leon Koella Leenhoff.
AETN.
Charles Parker, Jr. -LRB- August 29, 1920 – March 12, 1955 -RRB-, known as Bird or Yardbird, was an American jazz saxophonist and composer.
Occasionally they will fetch if necessary, and may resort to cannibalism in captivity; however, this has not been observed in nature.
Anastasia's supposed survival was one of the most famous mysteries of the 20th century.
Palau, officially the Republic of Palau -LRB- -RRB-, is an island nation in the Pacific Ocean, approximately 500 miles -LRB- 800 km -RRB- east of the Philippines and 2,000 miles -LRB- 3,200 km -RRB- south of Tokyo.
Her relics were transferred on May 1 so that she could be buried next to Willibald, and that day is named after her in the Finnish and Swedish calendars.
Several organizations have declared that the current difficulties faced by the Armenian minority in Turkey are the result of an anti-Armenian attitude of the Turkish government.
Cobalt oxide -LRB-II, III -RRB- is a chemical compound with the formula Co3O4.
Homo -- humans
Adams has repeatedly stated that he was never a member of the Provisional Irish Republican Army -LRB- IRA -RRB-.
Quantico is located south of the mouth of Quantico Creek on the Potomac. As of the 2000 census, Quantico had a population of 561.
He won the presidential elections in 2002, with a broad coalition of support, and was easily re-elected in 2007.
The glands are enclosed in a capsule of connective tissue and divided internally into lobules.
The University of St. Andrews is chartered by papal bull.
Afterwards, the couple began teaching Leah sign language, first with Signing Exact English -LRB- SEE -RRB-, then with American Sign Language -LRB- ASL -RRB-, so they could learn to communicate.
Typically, a Wellerism consists of three parts: a proverb or saying, a speaker, and an often literal explanation with humor.
Paul Ivan Thompson -LRB- November 2, 1906 – September 13, 1991 -RRB- was a Canadian ice hockey forward who played 13 seasons in the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB-.
Bryan Owen ''Pete'' Young -LRB- born March 19, 1968 in Meadville, Mississippi -RRB- is a former Major League Baseball right-handed relief pitcher who played for the Montreal Expos in and .
The publication in Ms. magazine of a photo of Gerri Santoro, who died of blood loss following a clandestine abortion, has been widely used to illustrate the dangers of illegal abortions.
Kenneth ''Ken'' Moore Whisenhunt -LRB- born February 28, 1962 in Augusta, Georgia -RRB- is the head football coach of the Arizona Cardinals NFL football team, leading them to the first Super Bowl in the league. history of the franchise during the 2008 season.
Thousand Foot Krutch -LRB- abbreviated as TFK -RRB- is a Canadian rock band formed in 1997.
YES -LRB- Your Extraordinary Saturday -RRB- an apprenticeship program of the Minnesota Institute for Talented Youth
At the immunity challenge, Jon and Sandra felt uncomfortable, while Lil felt good. Sandra fell early.
In ancient Greece, the Acropolis -LRB- literally: "peak of the city" -RRB-, placed on a dominant eminence, was important in the life of the people, serving as a refuge and bastion in danger and containing military and provisions, the sanctuary of the god and a royal palace.
Collectively, these RFCs are now referred to as -LRB-MIME-RRB- General Purpose Internet Mail Extensions.
As in the 2000 presidential election, electoral controversies and fears of irregularities emerged during and after the vote.
T. longobardicus -LRB- Bassani , 1886 -RRB-
Handel adopted the spelling "George Frideric Handel" upon his naturalization as a British subject, and this spelling is generally used in English-speaking countries.
MUNICIPIO DE TIMAUKEL FIRMÓ CONVENIO EDUCATIVO Y CULTURAL CON COMMUNA DE LOLOL Urban pop.
The fingerboard is said to have a peaceful and serene feel and was used quite often by Franz Schubert.
Hamilton almost single-handedly devised the nation's first financial system, and for several years was also a major presence in the administration of Washington.
Typically, when describing the physical device, the term "engine" is used.
Knight or Dame of the Order of Australia -LRB- AK or AD, no new appointments -RRB-; Created in 1976, dissolved in 1986 without prejudice to pre-existing appointments.
Jan Polák -LRB- born March 14, 1981 in Brno -RRB- is a Czech international footballer.
Feathers of the Prince of Wales - the personal insignia of the Prince of Wales derives from the "shield for peace" of Edward, the Black Prince.
Engineer's Notes Derbysulzers.com - Retrieved 2007-11-25 They were part of the British Rail Class 47 order, but differed from their classmates in being fitted with a Sulzer V12 12LVA24 power unit producing, per opposed to the standard twin 12LDA28C twelve-cylinder bank unit of the remaining fleet.
One way to express division on a single line is to write the dividend, or numerator then a slash, then the divisor, or denominator like this:
It is also commonly called a worship service.
Although some circulating cholesterol comes from the diet, and restricting cholesterol intake can lower blood cholesterol levels, there are various other links between diet and cholesterol levels.
He worked with the UK Atomic Energy Authority before joining the Open University where he is a professor of technology policy and has developed courses in technology innovation, focusing in particular on energy technology. renewable.
It is composed of the Cyrillic letter Ð with a breve.
The confirmed human serotypes, ranked by number of known human pandemic deaths, are: H1N1 caused the 'Spanish Flu' in 1918, 'Swine Flu' in 2009 H2N2 caused the 'Asian Flu' '.
The Province of Massa-Carrara -LRB- -RRB- is a province of the Tuscany region in Italy.
The first use of the Escort name was for a lower specification version of the Ford Squire, a 1950s station wagon version of the Ford Anglia 100E, although it did not sell very well compared to other members of the 100E family.
An annual is a plant that generally germinates, flowers and dies within a year or season.
Sylvester J. Pussycat, Jr., or simply Sylvester Junior -LRB-, he is also called ''Spoiled Brat'' -RRB-, is the son of Sylvester the cat. Junior first appeared in the 1949 short Pop'im Pop, directed by Robert McKimson and eventually appeared in a total of 11 shorts during the Golden Age.
The highest temperature on record, recorded on July 28, 1921, was 40.3 C -LRB- 104.5 F -RRB-, and the lowest was 20.7 C -LRB- 5.3 F -RRB - reached on January 1, 1985 .
The river also has the second highest flow in the world, behind the Amazon; the second largest watershed of any river, again following the Amazon; and is the deepest river in the world, at depths over 750 feet.
Caraula is a municipality in Dolj County, Romania, with a population of 2,560 people. It has the following constituent villages: Caraula.
Just outside the Valley of the Shadow of Death, he meets Faithful, also a former resident of the City of Destruction, who accompanies him to Vanity Fair, where both are arrested and detained due to their contempt for fair wares and business.
The performer is known as a stand-up comic, a stand-up comedian, or simply a stand-up.
It is a soft, low-melting solid that can easily be cut with a knife.
The friction clutch or pole and clutch system uses a clutch that moves along a pole.
It is used primarily to reduce pain from intramuscular injection of penicillin, and it has also been used in dentistry.
1945 & ndash; Hong Kong is liberated from Japan by the British armed forces.
The Filth and The Fury, St. Martin's Press, 2000, p.
A multiplayer demo was released on March 15, 2007.
However, Jodi Bearmanâ€”the chaperone who organized the trip, said, “the chaperones weren't supposed to follow their every move”.
Wine also provides a software library known as Winelib with which developers can compile Windows applications to help port them to Unix-like systems.
Loire-Atlantique is part of the current Pays-de-la-Loire region and is surrounded by the departments of Morbihan, Ille-et-Vilaine, Maine-et-Loire and Vendée, with the Atlantic to the west.
In North Rhine-Westphalia, some towns with more than 100,000 inhabitants are not city districts, for example Recklinghausen, Siegen, Paderborn, Bergisch Gladbach, Neuss and Moers.
Named in August 2003 after the giant Siarnaq -LRB- also known as Sedna -RRB- in Inuit mythology, it is the largest member of the Inuit group of irregular satellites.
The Sermon on the Mount can be contrasted with the similar but more succinct Sermon on the Plain as told by the Gospel of Luke -LRB- 6:17 - 49 -RRB-, which occurs at the same time in Luke's account, and also features Jesus heading for a mountain.
Since 1969, the holiday has been observed on the third Monday in April, providing a three-day long weekend.
The inch of mercury, inHg or Hg is a unit of pressure measurement.
Viljandi is a town and municipality in southern Estonia with a population of 19,870 -LRB- 2007 -RRB-.
Hunchakian Social Democratic Party It was founded in 1887 by Avetis Nazarbekian, Mariam Vardanian, Gevorg Gharadjian, Ruben Khan-Azat, Christopher Ohanian, Gabriel Kafian and Manuel Manuelian, a group of students in Geneva, Switzerland, with the aim of win Armenia. s independence from the Ottoman Empire , part of the Armenian national liberation movement Lebanon A Country Study by the Federal Research Division -- Page 185 .
has been used to refer to more general assignments of natural numbers to mathematical objects.
Malu, the Ghost Witch of the Mountain, emerged as a figure of Earth Kingdom legend in the years following the first strikes of the Fire Nation.
Saint-Omer is a commune in the Calvados department of the Lower Normandy region in northern France.
Religion According to the 2006 census, Christianity is the predominant religion in New Zealand, held by 55.6% of the population, a decrease from 60.6% in the 2001 census.
The town was founded on the site of the village of Khangarh in 1847 by General John Jacob, for many years commander of the Sind Horse, who died here in 1858.
Therefore, an error that occurs during the write process may leave the redundant copies in different states and, furthermore, may leave the copies in neither the old nor the new state.
Since the bars must be at least six inches wide, small depictions of the Alabama flag do not meet the legal definition.
Habitats for rough-skinned newts are found throughout the west coast of the United States and in British Columbia.
The Bailiwick of Guernsey -LRB-; -RRB- is a British Crown dependency in the English Channel off Normandy.
Emanuel Feuermann -LRB- November 22, 1902, Kolomyia, Galitzia, Austro-Hungarian Empire - May 25, 1942, New York City -RRB- was an internationally renowned cellist in the first half of the 20th century.
My Gym Partner's a Monkey is an American animated television series created by Timothy and Julie McNally Cahill and produced by Cartoon Network Studios.
Early Life and Family Background Bonham Carter was born in Golders Green, London.
The system contained an exposed low level circulation, which intermittently passed under a persistent area of ​​convection to the northeast.
The film was released on February 6, 2007 and rated G by the MPAA.
The Dutch explorer Abel Tasman was the first European to land on the coasts of Tasmania.
True Jackson, VP is an American television sitcom, the series premiered on November 8, 2008, although it rarely airs on Nickelodeon, it can usually be seen on The N/O. The series stars Keke Palmer, Ashley Argota, Matt Shively, Danielle Bisutti, Greg Proops, Robbie Amell and Ron Butler.
Jumencourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France.
Although the development of television was the result of the work of many inventors, Baird was a leading pioneer and made major advances in the field.
Flórez was also featured on the 2-sol stamp, part of a set of five stamps honoring contemporary Peruvian musicians issued on November 29, 2004.
In 1919 it merged with the TonkÃ¼nstler Orchestra.
The Japan national football team represents Japan in association football and is controlled by the Japan Football Association, the governing body for association football in Japan.
For some distance along the river, in the vicinity of Oxford, the Thames is known as Isis.
It is Mönkkönen's seventh game, but only the fifth to be released entirely in English.
The process chosen was one of two options implemented in the West German constitution -LRB-Grundgesetz; literally: Fundamental Law -RRB- of 1949.
The carcinogenicity of radiation depends on the type of radiation, type of exposure and penetration.
1794 & ndash; US President George Washington invokes the Militia Act of 1792 to suppress the Whiskey Rebellion in western Pennsylvania.
Chéry-Chartreuve is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France.
Issey Morgan Nakajima-Farran -LRB- Japaneseï 1\/4 ä å ã ã ã ã ä ç '' -RRB- -LRB- born May 16, 1984 in Calgary, Alberta -RRB- is a Canadian soccer player who currently plays for Danish Superliga club AC Horsens.
''Origin of agriculture and domestication of plants and animals linked to climate amelioration in the early Holocene'', Anil K. Gupta\*, Current Science, Vol.
A bridesmaid is usually a young woman, and often a close friend or sister.
Kronborg is located near the town of Helsingor -LRB- immortalized as Elsinore in Shakespeare's Hamlet -RRB- at the far northeastern tip of Zeeland, at the narrowest point of the Ãresund, the its between Denmark and Sweden.
Discovered by William Herschel in 1787, Titania is named after the queen of the fairies in Shakespeare's A Midsummer Night's Dream.
Tanystropheus -LRB- Greek ''long'' + ''vertebra'' -RRB-, was a 6 meter -LRB- 20 foot -RRB- long reptile that dated to the Middle Triassic period.
League of Ireland statistics during the 1929/1930 season.
70 km2 -- Amherst Island, the largest island in Lake Ontario
John Arne Semundseth Riise -LRB- born September 24, 1980 in Ã
The batting order, or batting lineup, in baseball is the sequence in which the nine members of the offense take turns batting against the pitcher. The batting order is the main element of a team's offensive strategy.
Discordianism is a religion centered on the idea that chaos is all there is, and that disorder and order are both illusions imposed on chaos.
The word ''ruminant'' comes from the Latin ruminare, which means ''to chew again''.
Mystery Science Theater 3000-like moments occur as the characters comment on the unfolding of the original film.
The current standard of 130 at bat, 50 innings pitched or 45 days on a Major League club's active roster -LRB- excluding time spent in military service or on the disabled list -RRB- before September 1 was adopted in 1971.
Jean Maurice Eugène Clément Cocteau -LRB-; July 5, 1889 – October 11, 1963 -RRB- was a French poet, novelist, playwright, cartoonist, boxing manager, playwright, artist and filmmaker.
He then sang at La Scala in Milan -LRB- 1951 -RRB-, at the Glyndebourne Festival -LRB- from 1954 on -RRB- and at the Royal Opera House in London, Covent Garden -LRB- 1954, 1956 and 1958 -RRB- .
Jeffrey ''Jeff'' Lynne -LRB- born December 30, 1947; Shard End, Birmingham -RRB- is an English songwriter, composer, arranger, singer, guitarist and record producer who rose to prominence as the leader and only constant member of the Electric Light Orchestra and was co-founder and a member of The Traveling Wilburys.
Die große Wundarzney Ulm, 1536 -LRB- Hans Varnier -RRB-; Augsburg -LRB- Haynrich Stayner -LRB- = Steyner -RRB- -RRB-, 1536; Frankfurt \/O/ Mr. -LRB- Georg Raben \/O/ Weygand Hanen -RRB- , 1536 .
Japan's folklore is heavily influenced by both Shintoism and Buddhism, the country's two main religions.
Because the top of the continental crust is above the top of the oceanic, water flows off the continents and collects on top of the oceanic crust. Continental crust and oceanic crust are sometimes referred to as sial and sima, respectively.
The province has an area of ​​3,125 km² which is divided into eight administrative districts -LRB- arrondissementen -RRB- containing 64 municipalities.
October 29, 1947 -RRB- , wife of the President of the United States , Grover Cleveland , and First Lady of the United States from 1886 to 1889 and then from 1893 to 1897 .
Kamviri is a dialect of the Kamkata-viri language spoken by 5,500 -LRB- or up to 10,000 -RRB- of the Kom people of Afghanistan and Pakistan.
In 2002, during the ''Passchendale Peace Concert'' in Flanders, June shared the stage with Coope Boyes and Simpson.
The suburb is said to derive its name from the Old Norse ''Krkor'' which means a wedge or patch of land.
Shadow of the Colossus, released in Japan as Wander to KyozÅ, is an action-adventure video game published by Sony Computer Entertainment -LRB- SCEI -RRB- for the PlayStation 2.
It has seven subspecies, but only T. m. confinis in the southwest is particularly distinctive, with pale grey-brown underparts.
She has won two Oscars, eight Grammy Awards, four Emmy Awards, a Special Tony Award, an American Film Institute Award, a Peabody Award.
Following these events, Hamilton and Alonso's relationship temporarily fell apart, with the couple not speaking to each other for a short time.
Amettes is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France.
Balanced budget provisions have been added to the constitutions of most US states, the Basic Law of Germany, and the Swiss Constitution.
Yamato politics changed a lot during the Asuka period, which takes its name from the Asuka region, about 25 km south of the modern city of Nara.
A brother-in-law -LRB- plural brothers-in-law -RRB- is the brother of his spouse, the husband of his sister, or the husband of the sister of his spouse.
Sargassum is a genus of brown macroalgae -LRB- of the class Phaeophyceae -RRB- -LRB- alga -RRB- in the order Fucales.
He is the only man to simultaneously hold the WWF Junior Heavyweight Championship and the NWA World Junior Heavyweight Championship.
It was released on 5 November 2007 and contains all of McFly's UK singles.
As of the 2000 census, the town's population was 1,395.
Stefan Uro II Milutin of Serbia founds the Banjska Monastery.
Passenger transportation and mail delivery is by helicopter, weather permitting.
The company name is a combination of the surnames of the two founders, Charles Hyde and David Vredenburg -LRB- Take the first two letters of Hyde's name, the V for Vredenburg, and add a double E at the end, and you have the company name Hy-Vee -RRB- .
Shangri-la is a vast dark region of Saturn's moon Titan at .
The album featured a variation on Edguy's style, with a less grand and more traditional heavy metal approach taken.
The ossuary became a small scale tourist attraction from the beginning of the 19th century and was regularly open to the public from 1867 .
As of December 31, 2004, it had a population of 6,993 and an area of ​​33.2 km.
However , biomass also includes plant or animal matter used for the production of fibers or chemicals .
It is also advocated to varying degrees by many Protestant denominations and catechisms, including those of Lutheranism, Arminianism, and Calvinism.
During the last seven years of his life, Busoni worked sporadically on the Klavierübung, a compilation of exercises, transcriptions and his own original compositions, with which he hoped to pass on his accumulated knowledge of keyboard technique.
He believed that stronger countries could not bring a socialist revolution elsewhere.
County Mayo -LRB- -RRB- is one of the twenty-six counties of the Republic of Ireland and one of the thirty-two counties of Ireland.
The valleys of some abandoned rivers are still visible in satellite and aerial images of the hills of Ohio and West Virginia between Marietta, Ohio, and Huntington, West Virginia.
Carter studied at Yale and Goddard College.
In his Philosophical Investigations, Wittgenstein demonstrated that the elements of games, such as play, rules, and competition, fail to adequately define what games are.
It also gave its name to the Nahe wine region around it.
War originated in a quarrel between the goddesses Athena, Hera and Aphrodite, after Eris, the goddess of strife and discord, gave them a golden apple, sometimes known as the apple of discord , marked ''for the most beautiful''.
This was championed by Radio 1 DJ Steve Lamacq and received airtime on MTV2.
September 30 & ndash; The inhabitants of Trieste -LRB- today in northern Italy -RRB- donate their city to Duke Leopold III of Austria.
In physics:
In addition to regular newscasts, mostly hourly, the station broadcasts a wide range of longer and more in-depth news and current affairs strands.
The Specials -LRB- sometimes referred to as The Special AKA -RRB- are an English 2-tone ska revival band formed in 1977 in Coventry, England.
Germany's successful blockade contributed to its military defeat in 1918, and, still in effect, forced the signing of the Treaty of Versailles in mid-1919.
They are known to bark defensively in response to any outside noise.
She arrives with a client, a scary teacher -LRB- played by the same actor as Dr. Goll, Lulu's first husband -RRB-.
Clothing variations occur depending on local culture and business climate.
Hercules acts like a horse and pulls an old fashioned plow to his mother.
CondÃ-sur-Ifs is a commune in the Calvados department in the Lower Normandy region in northwestern France.
Since 1958, his major title has been HRH the Prince of Wales.
Alan Meale -LRB- L -RRB-
Athenodoros Cananites, Stoic philosopher -LRB- b. 74 BC -RRB-
Sablières is a commune in the Ardèche department in southern France.
Gloucester Cathedral, the magnificent Abbey Church of Tewkesbury and Cirencester Church with its great perpendicular porch are described under their separate headings.
Along with the abolition of Routemaster buses, Livingstone oversaw the introduction of articulated buses in London, which quickly came to be dubbed "flexible buses".
JPG 2005-2008 Opel Vectra C -LRB- facelift -RRB- break
The change also made it easier to distinguish between references to the party and the general labor movement.
Gay traditionally means "happy", but in English it also means homosexual, and this meaning is more common now.
He retains his position with the National Youth Orchestra of Simàn Bolàvar.
Interview for SFX magazine His Waterworld script was rejected, and only two of his lines made it into the final X-Men script.
Multiple threads can exist in the same process and share resources such as memory, while different processes do not share these resources.
The city of Victoria de Durango is the state capital.
Its climate is temperate with cold winters and hot, dry summers.
In mathematics, a unit circle is a circle of radius one.
The Maccabees are a rock band from London, England.
Billy Kidman then entered the match, pinning and eliminating Noble following a BK-Bomb top rope.
In Japan, the term anime does not specify the nation of origin or the style of an animation; instead, it serves as an umbrella term for all forms of animation worldwide. English language dictionaries define anime as ''a Japanese style of cinematic animation'' or as ''a style of animation developed in Japan''.
They grow up to 4 - 30m tall, and some are dry season deciduous.
From precise astrometric measurements of the motion of the visible star over a sufficiently long period of time, information about the mass of the companion and its orbital period can be determined.
It is the oldest and largest library association in the world, with over 62,000 members.
Kilmarnock is a large market town in East Ayrshire, Scotland, with a population of 44,734.
Although initially rejected by thirteen publishers before finally being accepted by Rex Collings Ltd, Watership Down has never been out of print and has received several prestigious awards.
The optimism of 1900 faded, and those who fought in the war became known as "the lost generation" because they never quite farted.
The album's fifth and final single, ''Fool Again'', also peaked at #1.
It is also connected to Sydney by rail.
Merit Badges are awards earned by young members of the Boy Scouts of America -LRB-BSA -RRB-, based on activities in an area of ​​study by completing a periodically updated list of requirements.
Two other major thoroughfares are also sometimes identified as the northern border of ''lower'' or ''midtown Manhattan'': Canal Street, about half a mile north of Chambers Street, and 23rd Street, at about half a mile north of 14th Street.
This crankshaft and this damper together become -LRB- in its torsional response -RRB- a spring-mass-damper system.
In modern Britain, an Earl is a member of the peerage, ranking below a Marquess and above a Viscount.
The term is a portmanteau of ''skirt'' and ''shorts''.
Elliott was inducted into the Motorsports Hall of Fame of America on August 15, 2007. He won the NASCAR Winston Cup Series championship in 1988 and had 44 wins in that series.
In ancient prehistoric times, dragonflies had wings two feet long.
Founded in 1823 as the Institution of Singapore by Sir Thomas Stamford Raffles, it is consistently ranked among the top secondary schools in Singapore in the now defunct Official School Rankings published by the Ministry of Education.
From its inception until December 2005, it was presented by Mark Lamarr -LRB- who also produced the show, from 2004 until his departure -RRB-.
Iowa recognizes two political parties: the Republican Party and the Democratic Party.
In an unusual move, Prince Edward has been made Earl of Wessex and Viscount Severn in honor of his marriage to Sophie Rhys-Jones. The title Earl of Wessex had not been used for over 900 years.
US-educated Sulaiman Al-Fahim was the public face of ADUG during the initial phase of the takeover and is often described as the "Donald Trump of Abu Dhabi".
The company used to manufacture scuba diving rebreathers.
This period extends from 1261 to 1264.
DVDPs have collectively grossed over $3 billion over the past few years and have matured enough that studio DVDP divisions are now offering their own films.
Barber was Professor of Medieval European History in the Faculty of Arts and Humanities at the University of Reading in the UK until his retirement in September 2004.
The show's pacing and design was developed by cognitive psychologist Andrew Davenport, who structured the show to suit the attention span of the target audience.
A circular movement around an external point, for example the Earth around the Sun, is called an orbit or more exactly an orbital revolution.
The current version, 4.6, is modular and reusable.
The 1983 stock proved unreliable and cumbersome in service, with single leaf doors making passenger loading and unloading slower than on other stocks with wider door openings.
José Edmílson Gomes de Moraes -LRB- born July 10, 1976 in Taquaritinga -RRB-, commonly known as Edmílson, is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a central defender or defensive midfielder for Palmeiras.
La Chapelle-Haute-Grue is a commune in the Calvados department of the Lower Normandy region in northern France.
Kanye West: 808s & Heartbreak Accessed November 24, 2008.
The underside is almost entirely white, making the animal indistinguishable from brighter waters near the surface.
The short-beaked echidna's tongue is the animal's only means of catching prey and can protrude up to 180 m outside the snout.
Martainville is a French commune in the Calvados department, in the Lower Normandy region.
Leopold ''Butters'' Stotch is a fictional character from the animated television series South Park.
Such an inhomogeneous lens is needed to change the focal length from about 4 times the lens radius to 2.5 radii.
Climate Temperatures vary between and , and the average rainfall is one year .
The Great Barrier Reef Marine Park Authority -LRB- GBRMPA -RRB- considers the earliest evidence of complete reef structures to date back 600,000 years. According to the GBRMPA, it is believed that the current living reef structure began to develop on the ancient platform around 20,000 years ago.
On the April 7, 2006 edition of SmackDown!
It is theoretically possible to have an unpipelined superscalar CPU or a pipelined non-superscalar CPU.
It is the largest of the four solar terrestrial planets in size and mass/O. .
Rimini is a city in the Emilia-Romagna region of Italy and the capital of the province of Rimini.
He was awarded the Nobel Prize in 1921.
Costner made his film debut at age 19 in the 1974 film Sizzle Beach, USA, although the film was not released until 1986.
Under the Rapid Transit Systems Act, acts such as smoking, consumption of food and drink in stations and trains, misuse of emergency equipment and trespassing on the train tracks are illegal, with penalties ranging from fines to imprisonment.
The success of a film often depends on the quality of these musical numbers.
A twig is a small, thin terminal branch of a woody plant.
UCA
Penance is the repentance of sins as well as the proper name for the Roman Catholic, Anglican and Christian Orthodox sacraments of penance and reconciliation/confession.
John Ray Grisham, Jr. -LRB- born February 8, 1955 -RRB- is an American author, best known for his popular legal thrillers.
For more information, see Canonization of the Romanovs In 2000, Anastasia and her family were canonized as passion bearers by the Russian Orthodox Church.
They measure between 8 and 15 mm long.
Finally, Beowulf tears Grendel's arm from his body at the shoulder and Grendel runs home to the swamps to die.
Daisuke Yano is a Japanese footballer who plays for Roasso Kumamoto in the J. League Division 2.
After being defeated in Clwyd South in the 1997 general election, Johnson was elected MP for Henley, succeeding Michael Heseltine, in the 2001 general election.
Mercury bromide -LRB- I -RRB- or mercurous bromide is the chemical compound composed of mercury and bromine with the formula Hg2Br2.
Achilles and Hector meet but do not fight, Hector being outnumbered but allowed to leave.
Thalassa was discovered sometime before mid-September 1989 from images taken by the Voyager 2 probe.
Ricardo de Oliveira -LRB- born May 6, 1980 in São Paulo -RRB- is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Al-Jazeera as a striker.
This key -LRB- sometimes called alto key -RRB- is commonly used for the viola, viola da gamba and alto trombone.
Colorado State grants doctoral degrees in 38 fields of study, in addition to a professional degree in veterinary medicine.
The climate of the region is moderate and continental with approximately rainfall per year.
When casting his nine-member cast, Whedon first looked at the actors and considered their chemistry with each other.
Each track begins with ''Take this train to...'' and tells the story of this town.
It is named after Kent, an English county.
These links with the Norwegian Parliament were later weakened so that the committee became more independent.
On his later productions, however, he dropped the ''DJ'' label and is now simply known as ''Tiësto'', an alias that is a twist on his childhood nickname.
Boards such as the VIA EPIA line help bridge the gap by being PC compatible but highly integrated, physically smaller, or have other attributes that make them attractive to embedded engineers.
Momentum is a conserved quantity -LRB- law of conservation of linear momentum -RRB-, which means that if a closed system is not affected by external forces, its total momentum cannot to change.
The settlement that became the city of Louisville was founded in 1778 by George Rogers Clark and named after King Louis XVI of France.
Dr Gerald Uhlich, of the Berlin Zoo board, said that due to his great popularity, Knut had become a means of communication and had the ability "to draw attention to the environment in a pleasant way.
Carlinville is named after Thomas Carlin, formerly Governor of Illinois, who as a member of the state legislature was instrumental in the creation of Macoupin County. Carlinville has long been a site of Illinois history, and hosted many presidential candidates via campaign stops at a time in American history when railroad tracks brought many visits from politicians.
Szczecin Lagoon or Szczecin Bay -LRB-, -RRB-, also Oder Lagoon -LRB- -RRB-, is a lagoon in the Oder estuary, shared by Germany and Poland.
It was discovered by a team of University of Hawaii astronomers led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2001, and given the temporary designation “.
Delegates from many countries attended the Bretton Woods Conference.
Playing against the Calgary Tigers of the Western Canada Hockey League, VÃzina and the Canadiens won the best-of-three series two games to nil, with VÃzina recording a shutout in Game 2.
Client Service Request Upon receiving the E and F messages from the TGS, the client has enough information to authenticate to the SS.
The song's music video became the basis for the internet meme ''Rickrolling''.
After Randy Orton cheated to get the title from Rey Mysterio at WrestleMania 22, Long put Mysterio back in the match and made it a Triple Threat match, at the same time warning Orton that he could always remove Orton from the match if he disobeyed. Long .
43 Ariadne -LRB- -RRB- is a fairly large and bright main-belt asteroid.
The size of the swarm is a major parameter of a swarm.
In professional American football, the Pro Bowl is the all-star game of the National Football League -LRB- NFL -RRB-.
Civrac-en-Médoc is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France.
In recent years, Jacmel has hosted a major film festival, the 'Festival Film Jakmèl' launched in 2004 and in 2007 the international music festival 'Festival Mizik Jakmèl' was successfully launched.
Linderoth played for Stabæk, then an unremarkable spell at Everton marred by injury, where he scored once against Charlton Athletic in the League Cup, before joining Copenhagen in the summer of 2004.
They were eaten by native Australians and Australia's first European settlers.
Villigen is a municipality in the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Jedi Academy is the only game in the Jedi Knight series that does not allow the player to control Kyle Katarn at any point in the game.
At the 2006 census, Beechworth had a population of 3,227.
Kissing under the mistletoe at Christmas According to a custom of Christmas cheer, any man and woman who meet under a mistletoe hanging are obliged to kiss each other.
His father was Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of New Jersey and later became a prominent landowner in southwestern Ohio.
Clapton is almost exclusively served by trains passing through the branch instead.
James B. Dudley High School in the city of Greensboro, North Carolina, where the agricultural and technical college is located, is named after Dudley in recognition of his work for his community.
The term ''eusocial'' was introduced in 1966 by Suzanne Batra and given a more definitive meaning by EO Wilson.
Saint-Paul is the second largest commune in the French overseas department of Réunion. It is located in the far west of Reunion Island.
An example is the French Fifth Republic -LRB- 1958 -- current -RRB-, where the President of the Republic appoints a Prime Minister but must choose someone who can get government business done and who has the support of the National Assembly .
He remained at Channel 9 until 1971 where he worked for a travel agent in Beaumaris.
Losses of nutritional value , caloric value and edibility of crops , due to extreme temperatures , humidity or the action of micro - organisms ,
Although some special software packages exist to allow custom editing, they are generally not available when moving to other computers for wiki editing.
Reconstruction began almost immediately, and President James Monroe moved into the partially rebuilt house in October 1817.
Quincy-sous-le-Mont is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France.
1810 & ndash; Robert Schumann, German composer -LRB- d. 1856 -RRB-
Catholic, Orthodox and Protestant Christians, who make up the vast majority of Christendom, believe that Jesus is God.
His father is the mathematician Jean-Pierre Serre, winner of the Fields Medal and the Abel Prize.
Mohamed Abdullaziz Al-Deayea -LRB- -RRB- -LRB- born August 2, 1972 in Tabuk -RRB- is a Saudi football goalkeeper.
In 1949, Partisan Review awarded Orwell number 357 for the year's most significant literary contribution, Nineteen Eighty-Four.
Alcohol poisoning -LRB- also known as drunkenness or being drunk or inebriated -RRB- is a physiological condition that occurs when an organism has a high level of ethanol in the blood, or when ethanol causes the physiological effect known as intoxication.
The actual site of KÅ shÅ's tomb is not known.
July begins on the same day of the week as April each year, and January on leap years.
Once they have identified an invader, cells generate specific responses tailored to maximally eliminate specific pathogens or pathogen-infected cells.
In 1780, at the age of twenty-eight, Morris' left leg was broken and replaced by a wooden peg.
Radix Linux A distribution that aims to be compatible with Red Hat Enterprise Linux Rocks Cluster Distribution A distribution for building a cluster of high-performance computing computers, with a recent version supporting cloud computing.
This breed of terrier is also called German Hunting Terrier.
Mary of Boulogne -LRB- 1136 – 1182 in St Austrebert, Montreuil, France -RRB- was Countess of Boulogne from 1159 to 1170.
The fallen queen Lady Yun or the queen of waste Lady Yun -LRB- korea: í ë ì ì '', hanja: å '' cents å å æ, ?
The municipality of Curitiba has an average altitude above sea level, where the highest point is in the north, and with a lower altitude in the south.
Various interpretations of "rain dances" can be found in many agricultural or horticultural cultures, from ancient Egypt to certain Native American tribes.
FeedDemon is a free RSS feed reader for Windows.
If relativistic effects are important, the speed of sound can be calculated from Euler's relativistic equations.
An academic and former foreign minister of Egypt, Boutros Boutros-Ghali oversaw the UN at a time when it paid attention to several global crises, including the breakup of Yugoslavia and the Rwandan genocide.
After various works on posters for London and British Transport and animated films, he began his career as a writer in 1963 with the book Borka: The Adventures of a Featherless Goose which won the Kate Greenaway Medal in 1963.
1857 & ndash; Thorstein Veblen, American economist -LRB- d. 1929 -RRB-
Quinsac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Chattahoochee is located at .
History The station opened on 1 August 1887 as part of the Glasgow, Yoker and Clydebank Railway.
Aqua Teen Hunger Force Colon Movie Film for Cinemas - Dr. Weird, Steve
Besides its symbolic importance as the largest eucalyptus of all, Eucalyptus regnans has value for conservationists as it provides critical habitat for important birds and mammals -LRB- including the wedge-tailed eagle, the lyre bird and animal emblem of the endangered Victorian state Leadbeater's Possum - RRB -.
In 1815, at the Congress of Vienna, the Final Act recognized only 39 sovereign states in the European diplomatic system and therefore it was firmly established that in future new states should be recognized by other states, which in practice meant recognition by one or more of the great powers.
Moore took her professional name from her first husband Freddy Moore and is the mother of three daughters from her marriage to Bruce Willis.
Sabu assaulted Cena in which he performed a drop leg on Cena, diving on him and knocking Cena through the Raw announcers table.
The lawyer in Sykes v. Director of Public Prosecutions -LRB- 1962 -RRB- AC 528 called the offense 'obsolete', and Section 13 -LRB- 1 -RRB- -LRB- a -RRB- of the Criminal Law Act 1967 eventually abolished it.
Laversine is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France.
2005 was Davenport's fourth time finishing the year ranked No. 1, joining Steffi Graf, Martina Navratilova and Chris Evert as the only players to finish a year No. 1 at least four times.
From this point of view, the tendency of philosophers in particular to apply rationality to every problem is seen as the essential change.
The French Rouzaire cheese maker also produces an older Brillat Savarin under the name Pierre Robert.
History Saint-Florent was created by the Genoese in the 16th century as a base for carrying out repressive operations against Corsican patriots in the surrounding villages.
Lavrentiy Beria, the head of the NKVD -LRB- secret police organization, the predecessor of the KGB -RRB-, used the Buran device to spy on the US, British and French embassies in Moscow.
Jaquino asks Marzelline when she will agree to marry him, but she says she will never marry him now that she has fallen in love with Fidelio, who is Léonore in disguise.
With a population of over 500,000 and an economy based primarily on industry, Joinville has become the largest city in the state of Santa Catarina.
Press conference held in Chile in February 2008 Way wrote the song ''Skylines and Turnstiles'' to express his feelings about 9/11 and soon after Ray Toro was recruited because at the time Way couldn't sing and play the guitar at the same time.
While dry, the goz can also support rich pasture and arable land.
He had then planned to make the war film tentatively titled Inglourious Bastards, but postponed it to write and direct Kill Bill -LRB- released as two films, Vol.
As a result, for the 1995 race, the Tamburello and Villeneuve corners were changed from fast flat corners to slower chicanes, and the Variante Bassa was straightened.
The first sign is lockjaw, or tetanus, and facial spasms called risus sardonicus, followed by neck stiffness, difficulty swallowing, and rigidity of the pectoral and calf muscles.
Sean Martin, The Templars, p. 13 He was editor of the Journal of Medieval History and wrote numerous articles on the Templars, the Cathars, various elements of the Crusades and the reign of Philip IV of France.
It has been managed by the Ministry of Defense since 1963.
Fernando Manuel Silva Couto, OIH -LRB- or; born August 2, 1969 -RRB- is a Portuguese former professional footballer, who currently works as the sporting director of SC Braga.
People have argued that evidence for sympatric speciation is actually examples of micro-allopatric or heteropatric speciation.
In 2004, breast cancer caused 519,000 deaths worldwide -LRB- 7% of cancer deaths; nearly 1% of all -RRB- deaths.
When there were only five players left, Rob, Amber, Rupert, Jenna L., and Big Tom, Rob caused an argument between Rupert and Big Tom, which ultimately led to Big Tom being eliminated at the next council. tribal, followed by Rupert.
By convention in photography, the normal lens for a particular format has a focal length approximately equal to the length of the diagonal of the image frame or digital photosensor.
Rogny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France.
Star Wars is an epic American space opera franchise conceived by George Lucas.
Polyphemus -LRB- -RRB- is the gigantic one-eyed son of Poseidon and Thoosa in Greek mythology, one of the Cyclopes.
The Government of Sindh -LRB- -RRB- is based in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.
From Science Friday, December 12, 1997 Bob's Virtual Transistor Museum & History.
Michael Foust of The Baptist Press said: ''I walked into the theater with no expectations, but walked out after the closing credits thinking I'd just seen perhaps the most compelling and inspiring film I've ever seen. have ever seen.
On smaller folk harps -LRB-, e.g. -RRB-, the basic string material will generally be the same for all strings in a given harp. Larger instruments like the modern concert harp blend string materials to achieve their extended ranges.
Karl Marginson
In any right triangle, the area of ​​the square whose side is the hypotenuse -LRB- the side opposite the right angle -RRB- is equal to the sum of the areas of the squares whose sides are the two sides -LRB- the two sides that meet at right angles -RRB- .
Winter conditions made air support impossible.
Mixed Bean Salad -LRB- information and recipe -RRB- from The Mayo Clinic Healthy Recipes.
However, Brighton and Hove is not part of the non-metropolitan county of East Sussex, but it is still part of the ceremonial county of East Sussex.
Hugo Hernán Maradona -LRB- born May 9, 1969 -RRB-, also known as El Turco, is an Argentine football manager and former player.
In 1919, it merged with the Tonkünstler Orchestra.
Tom Felton's portrayal of Draco Malfoy in Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince won him the 2010 MTV Movie Award for Best Villain.
This is the establishment of the first human colony on Avalon, the fourth planet of Tau Ceti.
The phrase reflects a theatrical superstition in which wishing a person “good luck” is considered bad luck.
It has more than 6,000 students and a campus, 35 different fields of study and 5 faculties.
Freshwater mussel species inhabit lakes, ponds, rivers, streams, canals, grouped in a different subclass, despite some very superficial similarities in appearance.
In philosophy, he is best remembered for his optimism, that is, his conclusion that our universe is, in a restricted sense, the best that God could have created.
In 1912, after several years of unsuccessful attempts to join the official league, they merged with the gymnastics club Schalker Turnverein in 1877 to facilitate their entry.
It is the second largest intergovernmental organization after the United Nations.
The 1960 Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 15, 1960, United Press International.
Mainly active in the 1980s and early 1990s, the band achieved double platinum status with their #8 hit ''Wait'' and the #3 hit ''When the Children Cry'' from their second album Pride .
There is also evidence of a cut and folded paper box from 1440.
Then it was decided that she should move to a nursing home.
Alan Graham Johnston -LRB- born May 17, 1962 -RRB- is a British journalist working for the BBC.
Christian Panucci -LRB- born April 12, 1973 in Savona, Italy -RRB- is a retired Italian footballer.
This one-minute preview is a viral video that has become a well-known Internet meme among bloggers and message boards for the reactions its graphic content has elicited from viewers who have never seen such films before.
The album debuted at number two on the Billboard 200 and spawned the singles ''Pretty Noose'', ''Burden in My Hand'', ''Blow Up the Outside World'' and ''Ty Cobb''. .
The lyrics originate from a poem by diplomat Cecil Spring-Rice which he wrote in 1908 while posted to the British Embassy in Stockholm.
Maure is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in southwestern France.
The Vectrex was also released in Japan as the Bandai Vectrex Kousokusen.
After joining them in 1942, his younger son Péter Bartók enlisted in the US Navy.
Downstream to Mastuj, it is known as the Yarkhun River.
Charizard is featured in the Pokémon animated series, the most recurring being that of the main character, Ash Ketchum.
She attended private girls' schools in Virginia and Martha Washington College -LRB- a precursor to Emory and Henry College -RRB- to study music.
The term "Emperor of India" is also sometimes used to refer to Indian emperors such as Ashoka the Great of the Maurya dynasty and Emperor Akbar of the Mughal Empire.
Dennis John Kucinich -LRB-; born October 8, 1946 -RRB- is the U.S. Representative for , in office since 1997, and candidate for the Democratic nomination for President of the United States in the 2004 and 2008 elections.
Charles and Frank served in the Navy, both rising to the rank of Admiral.
1/100 of the Qatari riyal
The college was founded by Henry VIII in 1546, resulting from the merger of two existing colleges: Michaelhouse -LRB- founded by Hervey of Stanton in 1324 -RRB-, and King's Hall -LRB- created by Edward II in 1317 and refounded by Edward III in 1337 -RRB- .
writer = Mike MyersBonnie TurnerTerry Turner
The team with the most runs at the end of the game wins.
In 1979 funds were received to preserve the site as a tourist destination, due to its historical significance.
Due to its place in the airways, swelling of this structure can interfere with breathing and is a medical emergency.
After Le Monde revealed an illegal payment of $40 million by the United States to the French Panama Canal Company in 1909, Pulitzer was indicted for defaming Theodore Roosevelt and JP Morgan.
This is a list of countries ordered by population.
The Volkswagen Jetta is a mid-range family car produced by the German automobile manufacturer Volkswagen Group for the Volkswagen Passenger Cars brand since 1979.
The Boys -LRB- British band -RRB-, a punk rock band
For a list of entities that wish to be universally recognized as sovereign states, but do not enjoy full global diplomatic recognition, see the list of states with limited recognition.
The university was founded in 1817 in Detroit as the Catholepistemiad, or University of Michigania, about 20 years before the territory of Michigan officially became a state.
Thomas Heatherwick -LRB- born February 17, 1970 -RRB- is an English designer and artist known for his innovative use of engineering and materials in public monuments and sculptures.
At the time of his birth, he was third in line to the thrones of ten independent states; however, after additions to the royal family, and an evolution of the Commonwealth, Edward is now seventh to the thrones of 16 countries.
Although the benefits of preventing suffering and death from serious infectious diseases far outweigh the risks of rare adverse reactions after vaccination, disputes have arisen over the morality, ethics, efficacy and vaccination safety. Some vaccine critics claim that vaccines are ineffective against disease or that studies of vaccine safety are inadequate.
The Sistine Chapel is a papal chapel in the Vatican Palace.
Secretaries of the Treasury Note: Robert Morris was the first person appointed Secretary of the Treasury by George Washington, but Morris declined the position; thus the first secretary to the treasury was Alexander Hamilton, who was appointed at Morris's suggestion.
The Wicker Man is a 1973 British cult film shot in Scotland, blending thriller, existential horror and musical genres, directed by Robin Hardy and written by Anthony Shaffer.
It was nominated for the 2007 Best First Novel Agatha Award.
Burning helium quickly forms an inert core of carbon and oxygen, surrounded by both a helium-burning shell and a hydrogen-burning shell.
County Mayo -LRB- -RRB- is one of the twenty-six counties of the Republic of Ireland and one of the thirty-two counties of Ireland.
However , the river is no longer actively used for navigation , because its estuary is located on the borders of the two Koreas , forbidden to all civilians .
Francisco de Goya later commemorates this event in his painting May 2, 1808.
The bridge spans 549 ft long across the creek.
He enters a third room which is occupied by sampler Craig Jones.
In 2006, the Miss Earth pageant began co-hosting the United Nations Environment Programme's Champions of the Earth, an annual international environmental award established in 2005 by the United Nations to recognize personalities and leaders exceptional environmental conditions at the political level.
Bell began taking violin lessons at the age of four after his mother discovered that her son had taken rubber bands from around the house and stretched them over the handles of his dresser drawer to extract the music he he had heard her play the piano.
In Western countries, the average retail price is $1,000 \/O/ Â # 500 \/O/ â 700 per pound -LRB- 2,200 US$ \/O/ Â # 1,100 \/O/ â 1,550 per kilogram -RRB- .
1584 -LRB- MDLXXXIV -RRB- was a leap year starting on Sunday -LRB- the link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Gregorian calendar -LRB- or a leap year starting on Wednesday of the Julian calendar 10 days slower - RRB -.
An internal combustion piston engine can turn combustion into motive power in two ways: the two-stroke cycle and the four-stroke cycle.
Skype is a secure communication; encryption cannot be disabled and is invisible to the user. Skype would use non-proprietary and widely approved encryption techniques: RSA for key negotiation and Advanced Encryption Standard to encrypt conversations.
It is located in Pathum Thani, Thailand.
Before I Self Destruct is the fourth studio album by American rapper 50 Cent, released on November 9, 2009 on Interscope Records in the United States.
Alexander Stepanovich Popov -LRB-; â '' -RRB- was a Russian physicist who was the first to demonstrate the practical application of electromagnetic radio waves -LRB- -RRB-, although he did not apply for a patent for his invention.
La Boissière-des-Landes is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France.
For other uses, see Cat -LRB- disambiguation -RRB- or Cats -LRB- disambiguation -RRB-.
Some breeds have an intermediate flavor between oregano and marjoram.
"Kikuyu" is the Swahiliized form of G ky's proper name and pronunciation although they refer to themselves as the Ag ky people.
The generic term is used in a variety of specific contexts.
Badfinger had bigger hits in the early 1970s with singles such as ''No Matter What'', ''Day After Day'' and ''Baby Blue''.
Capron is a city in Southampton County, Virginia, United States.
Satisfied with the training environment in Toronto, Kim made Toronto her training home.
The Ave Maria or Ave Maria in Latin has been set to music many times.
The peace and prosperity created under Guptas' leadership enabled the pursuit of scientific and artistic endeavors in India.
The Helmholtz free energy is often denoted by the symbol F, but the use of A is preferred by IUPAC.
History Formation Founded in 1998 by Jared Leto's brother, Shannon Leto, 30 Seconds to Mars began as a small family project.
Pepsi is a carbonated soft drink produced and manufactured by PepsiCo.
In turn, the Dagpo Kagyu consists of four main sub-sects: the Karma Kagyu, led by a Karmapa, the Tsalpa Kagyu, the Barom Kagyu and the Pagtru Kagyu.
BNet Retrieved January 28, 2008 born September 29, 2002, with Dazed & Confused editor Jefferson Hack.
Copyright law differs from country to country, and a copyright notice is required in approximately 20 countries for a work to be copyrighted.
He is currently under contract with World Wrestling Entertainment, working on its Raw brand.
August 5 & ndash; Anti-Jewish riots spread to Toledo, Spain and Barcelona.
Tuesday, November 15, 2005 215 71 Saint-Chamond, Bourges -LSB- -RSB- -LSB- -RSB- 20 .
Jeremy Morin -LRB- born April 16, 1991 -RRB- is an ice hockey left winger currently playing in the Chicago Blackhawks organization of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB-.
Additionally, Hebrew has other words for 'kill', including '''-LRB-harag-RRB- and ''-LRB-heimit-RRB-, while --LRB-ratzach-RRB - , found in the Ten Commandments -- -LRB- lo tirtzach -RRB- , was more specific. Joel M. Hoffman concludes that "kill" is too broad but "murder" is too narrow to reflect tirtsah.
However, this effort was short-lived, as covering Led Zeppelin, Cream and the like limited their ability to secure higher paying jobs at local dance halls.
The Im m Reza -LRB- shrine in Mashhad, Iran is a complex that contains the mausoleum of Im m Ridh, the eighth Im m of the Twelver Shi'ites.
Bismarck or Bismark may refer to:
With a mass of 1.0243 kg, Neptune is an intermediate body between Earth and the largest gas giants: its mass is seventeen times that of Earth but only 1/19th that of Jupiter.
After the deaths of Senna and fellow Grand Prix driver Roland Ratzenberger at Imola in 1994, many Grand Prix circuits were modified to reduce speed and increase driver safety.
1908 & ndash; The Tunguska event occurs in distant Siberia.
Genetic algorithms belong to the broader class of evolutionary algorithms -LRB-EA-RRB-, which generate solutions to optimization problems using techniques inspired by natural evolution, such as inheritance, mutation, selection and crossing.
They praised Percy's "brave leadership" and said "the final showdown would keep a Hollywood special effects team busy for years."
It is the main radio station covering sport in the UK, broadcasting virtually every major sporting event held in the UK or involving UK competitors.
Biography Habermas was born in Düsseldorf, North Rhine-Westphalia.
Clara Josephine Wieck was born in Leipzig on September 13, 1819 to Friedrich and Marianne Wieck -LRB- née Tromlitz -RRB- .
Onagraceae family -LRB- Evening primrose family -RRB-
Maia Bang Violin Method, Part 1, Page 8 The shoulder alone can also interfere with the sound of the instrument if it presses against the back of the instrument.
On August 18, 1972, at the age of 13, Balukas won the women's division of the US Open Straight Pool Championship, defeating five-time champion Dorothy Wise and winning a prize of $1,500.
Another noted 18th-century librettist was Lorenzo da Ponte, who wrote the librettos for three of Mozart's greatest operas, along with many other composers.
The widely read ranking of undergraduate colleges in America by U.S. News & World Report currently places Ohio State as the 18th best public university and 53rd among American universities, as well as the highest ranked public university from Ohio.
Other works include Chopin's Nocturnes No. 7 -LRB- Op.
Arizona Diamondbacks -LRB- -- -RRB-
1996 Cricket World Cup; Pepsi ran a series of ads titled 'nothing official about it' targeting official sponsor Coca Cola.
Because the Golden Light Sutra promised protection of the state, in Japan she became a patron deity, first of the state and then of the people.
The year 1853 -LRB- MDCCCLIII -RRB- was a common year starting on Saturday -LRB- the link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Gregorian calendar -LRB- or a common year starting on Thursday of the Julian calendar 12 slower -RRB- days.
He must also fight his own demonic nature.
A Nigerian study revealed that more than 800,000 people are enslaved, almost 8% of the population.
His parents are Geoff -LRB- Howard Attfield -RRB- and Sylvia Noble -LRB- Jacqueline King -RRB-.
The band collaborated with Sly & Robbie, who produced ''Underneath It All'' and ''Hey Baby'' and brought dancehall toasters Lady Saw and Bounty Killer, and Steely & Clevie, who produced '' Start the Fire''.
The 1979 season was an average but destructive season with 27 depressions, but only 9 became storms.
Lightcurve analysis indicates that Kalliope's pole most likely points to the ecliptic coordinates -LRB-Î,Î''-RRB-=-LRB-â„23,20Å-RRB- with an uncertainty of 10 Â , giving Kalliope an axial tilt of 103 Â .
Fire was used to heat treat silcrete stones to increase their workability before they were made into tools by the Stillbay culture.
Tron has a distinctive visual style, as it was one of the first films from a major studio to make extensive use of computer graphics.
A witness who has seen the event firsthand is known as an 'eyewitness'.
-LRB- New York: Columbia University Press, 1952 -RRB- p. 1364
Chivy-lès-Étouvelles is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France.
The most popular MEPIS distribution is SimplyMEPIS, which is based primarily on Debian stable.
In many Christian traditions, regular public worship is supplemented by other forms of worship, such as individual meditation, prayer and study, small group prayer -LRB- often linked with Bible study -RRB -, and official ceremonies on special occasions, including weddings, funerals, baptisms, and Church or state events.
Not all ammonium dichromate decomposes in this reaction.
One million -LRB-/O1,000,000/O-RRB- or one thousand thousand, is the natural number following 999,999 and preceding 1,000,001.
Although some sources claim that American Colonial homes often lacked closets due to a "closet tax" imposed by the British Crown, others argue that closets were absent in most homes simply because their residents had few possessions.
Trading posts were also very common in the early colonies of Canada and the United States for the trade of items such as fur.
DNA is transcribed into mRNA by an enzyme, RNA polymerase II, with the help of many other proteins.
After leaving SNL in 2006, she created the television series 30 Rock, a sitcom loosely based on her experiences at SNL.
All take place in the world of Earthsea, as does -LRB- to date -RRB- seven short stories by Le Guin, two of which are not collected in any of these books.
Madill is a city in Marshall County, Oklahoma, United States.
The island quickly recovered and the towns of Long Beach and Yaupon Beach were incorporated in 1955.
The example text above would appear in the extended basic Roman -LRB- non-rhotic -RRB- version as follows: Wans apon a taym, dha byutiful doota av a greyt majishan wontid moo paalz tu put amang haa trezhaz.
Spacecraft and space travel are common themes in works of science fiction.
Danizy is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France.
Hilary Ann Swank was born on July 30, 1974 and she is a two-time Oscar-winning American actress.
However now we calculate that due to the tow and bulge, the sun will pull the earth into the sun's layer and swallow it before the sun gets bigger.
When she brought it to Seattle in May 1914, it drew more than 6,000 people a day, peaking with an audience of 40,000 on May 31.
1898 & ndash; Shirley Booth, American actress -LRB- d. 1992 -RRB-
Box Car Racer was an American post hardcore band from San Diego, California, formed in 2001.
Kharan -LRB- -RRB- is a town in Kharan district, Balochistan, Pakistan.
The band's line-up has remained mostly static throughout their history, the only exception being the departure of Alec John Such in 1994, who was unofficially replaced by Hugh McDonald.
By this time, the methods of Impressionist painting, in a diluted form, had become commonplace in Salon art.
The official proof of a first passes through its certificate of primality.
Today, it finds its expression mainly in a humorous form -LRB- especially during the Rhenish Karneval -RRB- and in sport.
Jennie Kwan -LRB- born Jennifer Trinidad Fernando; September 9, 1973 -RRB- is a Filipino-American actress and singer from Los Angeles, California.
Its discoverers claim that, based on 268 characters sampled from all major Mesozoic mammalian clades and major Cretaceous Eutherian families, Eomaia is placed at the root of the Eutherian 'family tree' along with Murtoilestes and Prokennalestes.
V. Michel , '' The ecclesiastical complex of Emma üs - Nicopolis '' , Paris , Sorbonne , 1996 -- 1997 , pro manuscript .
Introduced to India by the Portuguese, chili/paprika from South America is now an integral part of Indian cuisine.
A cubic centimeter corresponds to a volume of one cubic meter, or one liter, or one milliliter; thus, 1 cm3 × 1 mL.
Mathematics is the study of quantity, structure, space and change.
An architectural model is a type of scaled, tangible model -LRB- also sometimes called a physical representation -RRB- of a structure built to study aspects of an architectural design or to communicate design ideas to clients, committees and the general public.
Despite the negative response, the game sold enough copies to receive Greatest Hits -LRB- Platinum Edition in Europe -RRB- status on Sony PlayStation 2 and Player's Choice status on Nintendo GameCube.
Cláudio Roberto da Silva, commonly known as Cláudio Caçapa or simply Caçapa -LRB- Pronounced Kassapa -RRB- -LRB- born May 29, 1976 -RRB- is a Brazilian footballer.
Grand Ayatollah Ali Hoseyni Kh mene'i -LRB- , , ; born July 17, 1939 -RRB- is a politician as a leading figure in the conservative Muslim establishment in Iran and Twelver shi'a marja.
On July 10, 2007, Merriam-Webster announced that it would be introducing the word smackdown to Webster's dictionary.
The 2018 Winter Olympics, officially known as the XXIII Olympic Winter Games, is a multi-sport winter event that will take place from February 9 to 24, 2018.
They walked along the coast of India to reach Australia.
, Dorchester , Massachusetts , United States
History Keelung was first inhabited by the Ketagalan, a tribe of Taiwanese aborigines.
From the moment the first European explorers saw them, cacti aroused great interest: Christopher Columbus brought the first melocactus to Europe.
Before making any changes, please ensure that they will work in the context of this template
The majority of crustaceans are aquatic, living in marine or freshwater environments, but a few groups have adapted to life on land, such as land crabs, land hermit crabs, and woodlice.
Terence Ian ''Terry'' Butcher is a former professional football player where he made a name for himself as a hard-nosed defender with Ipswich Town and Rangers in the 1980s.
This is the establishment of the first human colony on Avalon, the fourth planet of Tau Ceti.
is the third studio album by American heavy metal band Megadeth.
CNR had over 38,000 different software packages, ranging from simple applications to large commercial works such as Win4Lin and StarOffice.
Petit-Palais-et-Cornemps is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Ginkgophyta - Ginkgo
The koala -LRB- Phascolarctos cinereus -RRB- is an arboreal herbivorous marsupial native to Australia and the only extant representative of the family Phascolarctidae.
-LRB- http://www.amphibiaweb.org -RRB- In November 2001, Canada's Species at Risk Act listed the Great Lakes population of the tiger salamander as extirpated, and the southern mountain population from the Okanagan in British Columbia as endangered in Canada.
The band's name was suggested by bassist Mikey Way, Gerard's younger brother, who was working in a library when he was struck by the title of a book called ''Ecstacy: Three Tales of Chemical Romance''.
Specialized English operates in the civil society sector, and the developers aspire to create programs for various public service purposes, subject to the availability of resources.
The size of a guinea pig, he spent the first 44 days of his life in an incubator before zookeeper Thomas Därflein began raising the cub.
He won 103 caps, scoring 26 goals for the Austrian national team - RSSSF, which makes him the most capped Austrian player of all time.
Miscellaneous The armpit is one of four sites -LRB- the other three being the mouth, rectum and ear canal -RRB- in which a medical thermometer can be inserted in order to measure body temperature.
Apart from their eye-catching appearance, which makes neon lights an attractive choice for commercial signs and building decoration, neon bulbs have also proven to be very sturdy and weather resistant.
Its county seat is Morganton.
It is most often measured in forestry; sustainable forestry is defined as that which does not harvest more wood in one year than has grown that year, in a given piece of forest.
The Republic of Siena, struggling internally between the nobles and the popular party, generally worked in political opposition to its great rival, Florence, and was in the 13th century predominantly Ghibelline in opposition to the Guelph position of Florence -LRB- this conflict formed the backdrop for some of Dante's Commedia -RRB-.
Verne Troyer as Coach Punch Cherkov
This is a list of colleges and universities in Alaska.
The 1967 stock is the deep tube stock currently in service on the Victoria Line.
Viktor Orbà n -LRB- Orbà n Viktor, ; born May 31, 1963 -RRB- is a Hungarian politician and current Prime Minister of Hungary.
official_name = Tulcea
Dunkirk has a ferry connection with Dover, England.
Each daily devotional includes scriptures, a position statement, the daily “challenge,” a journaling area, and a checkbox to track progress.
After returning from the war from Mysore to Kongu, Chinnamalai built a palace in a village called Odanilai.
The Nobel Foundation , the organization that awards the prestigious Nobel Prize , gives each laureate '' an assignment for the amount of the award , a diploma and a gold medal ... '' This sample medal would be displayed on a table or in a cabinet, rather than carried by the winner.
In the city, crowds gather in search of the nose.
They avoid the weaknesses noted in those of Euclid, whose works at the time were still used in textbook fashion.
Part of the Lesser Antilles, it is located north/northeast of the islands of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, northwest of Barbados and south of Martinique.
490 Veritas is a large asteroid, which may have been involved in one of the most massive asteroid-asteroid collisions in the last 100 million years.
Avoiding these users also means avoiding certain important articles where they obsess and dwell.
Enguinegatte is a commune in the department of Pas-de-Calais in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in France.
The game originated in the UK and has been played there since Tudor times, the first reference being in 1745 in A Little Pretty Pocket-Book where it is called ''baseball''.
Mercury bromide -LRB-I-RRB- is prepared by oxidizing elemental mercury with elemental bromine or by adding sodium bromide to a solution of mercury nitrate -LRB-I-RRB-.
It is best known for being the location where the Promenade Concerts were founded by Robert Newman, together with -LRB-Sir-RRB-Henry J. Wood, in 1895.
0.2
Lemé is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France.
Manatees -LRB- family Trichechidae, genus Trichechus -RRB- are large, entirely aquatic, mainly herbivorous marine mammals, sometimes called sea cows.
The Football League Cup, commonly referred to as the League Cup or, of current sponsorship, the Carling Cup, is an English football competition.
Segments were excerpted from his emails, including "Teen Girl Squad", a comic strip drawn by Strong Bad about four teenage friends.
TouÃ''t-sur-Var is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France.
January 7 & ndash; Catherine of Aragon, first queen consort of Henry VIII, dies.
National University of Benin - is the main university in Benin.
Lewis Carl Davidson Hamilton MBE -LRB- born January 7, 1985 -RRB- is a British Formula 1 racing driver from England, currently racing for the McLaren team, and was the Formula 1 World Champion. Hamilton was born in Stevenage, Hertfordshire.
Saint-Aignan-de-Couptrain is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France.
On April 29, 2007, the band performed at the Australian MTV Australia Video Music Awards, where they were nominated for three awards, winning ''Best Rock Video'' and ''Video of the Year'' for ''The Kill''. ''.
Grand Prince Andrey de Gorodets -LRB- approximate date; D. 1304 -RRB-
American Journal of Botany 91:1582 -- 1598 -LRB- online abstract here -RRB- .
Therefore, the spiny mouse should never be grabbed by the tail and should be handled carefully to avoid a degloving injury.
They are found in tropical, subtropical and temperate regions, including the Indo-Pacific and the Atlantic coast of Africa.
The term ''time machine'', coined by Wells, is now universally used to refer to such a vehicle.
Photography primarily uses radiation in the UV, visible and near-IR spectrum.
The lower left lion derives from the county of Meissen -LRB- see Saxony -RRB-, to which the southern area of ​​the district historically belonged.
Instead, plant consumption would be limited to parts consisting of sugars and simpler carbohydrates such as seeds, flowers, and fleshy fruits.
In the Baroque period, music in F minor was usually written with a three-flat signature, and some modern editions of this repertoire retain this convention.
The album was released on June 14, 2010, the album contains all 27 UK singles released by the band between 1994 and 2009.
All of these issues have collectively influenced tiger salamander populations.
There is often a strong religious element to these studies and beliefs, and many occultists profess their adherence to religions such as Gnosticism, Hermeticism, Luciferianism, Satanism, Thelema, Neopaganism, etc.
Gergiev conducted this production in Cardiff in 2006 at the Wales Millennium Center, and in Costa Mesa, California in October 2006 at the Orange County Performing Arts Center.
Carrot cake is a cake made from grated carrots mixed with batter.
He also served in the Mississippi House of Representatives from January 1984 to September 1990.
Lassy is a commune in the Calvados department of the Lower Normandy region in northwestern France.
Their production company -LRB- 581 Entertainment -RRB- which managed the group fell through, and all the members of Anjel pursued solo projects.
This agreement has been criticized, notably by Groklaw's website, for being hypocritical and limited, and contrary to the spirit of the GNU General Public License.
Soon, the Armenian Soviet Socialist Republic was proclaimed, under the leadership of Alexander Miasnikyan.
Non-theism includes a variety of belief systems: “Strong atheism” is the positive belief that a god does not exist.
The name Euroa comes from an Aboriginal word in the old local dialect meaning ''happy''.
Barracks, military housing
At Ancestry.com -LRB- born January 30, 1930 -RRB- is an American actor.
The 1960s and 1970s were a major boom time for the Olympic, as major wrestling events were held in the arena every other Friday night, as well as being home to the Los Angeles T-Birds roller derby.
Although it doesn't actually measure body fat percentage, it is used to estimate healthy body weight based on a person's height.
He is considered one of Britain's greatest poets and remains widely read and influential, both in the English-speaking world and beyond.
Lemon juice is about 5% to 6% -LRB- about 0.3 M -RRB- citric acid, which gives lemons a sour taste, and a pH of 2-3. This makes lemon juice a cheap and readily available acid for use in educational science experiments.
In 1985, a life-size bronze statue of Wadlow by Ned Giberson was erected at Southern Illinois University Edwardsville School of Dental Medicine.
2009 .
Incorporating the full range of animal diversity into the Ark story was becoming increasingly difficult, and by the mid-18th century few natural historians could justify a literal interpretation of Noah's Ark story. .
Among the products produced in Chojnów are: paper products, agricultural machinery, chains, metal furniture for hospitals, equipment for the meat industry, beer, wine, leather garments and garments for babies, children and adults.
These proved unreliable and were phased out during the quarantine refurbishment, but the moniker 'Hoover' stuck although younger rail enthusiasts began to apply alternative names; like ''Dub-Dubs'' because of the new engine sound.
Among Christian churches that have a liturgical tradition, several different types of veils are used. These veils are often symbolically linked to the veils of the Tabernacle in the Wilderness and the Temple of Solomon.
In 1367 Henry IV was born in Bolingbroke.
In the southeast of the state, the Serra da Capivara National Park is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
For Ganesha's weapon in various forms, see: Nagar, Appendix I. As an attribute of Ganesha, see: Nagar, Appendix I.
Naoshi Nakamura -LRB-, born January 27, 1979 in Chiba -RRB- is a Japanese footballer who currently plays for Nagoya Grampus, Division 1 of the J. League.
In addition, the city is home to the International Institute of Lancy -LRB- founded in 1903 -RRB- and the International University of Geneva, an accredited International University.
Corsica is an island in the Mediterranean Sea.
MacFarlane also has a character on Family Guy named after Hartman: named Dr. Elmer Hartman.
Kimi RÃikkÃnen won the 2007 season-opening race at Albert Park, becoming the first Ferrari driver to win in his lifetime since Nigel Mansell. Scuderia Ferrari won the 2007 Constructors' Championship and Kimi RÃikkÃnen won the Drivers' Championship.
It is now listed as part of the Stonehenge, Avebury and Associated Sites World Heritage Site.
The first book to recognize the scientific potential of lucid dreams was Celia Green's 1968 study Lucid Dreams.
The film had a solid second-place finish domestically over Presidents' Day weekend, grossing 'more than expected' $28,536,717 from 2,284 screens, earning an average of $9,885 per screen.
Anchorage is a city in eastern Jefferson County.
Body Jewelery Shop - common body piercing problems
Scheduled Events February - NASA's Dawn spacecraft is scheduled to arrive on the dwarf planet Ceres.
2012 -LRB- MMXII -RRB- will be a leap year starting on the Sunday of the Gregorian calendar.
The only examples of mammals are the naked mole-rat and the Damaraland mole-rat.
For 250 years, Christians suffered sporadic persecution for their refusal to worship the Roman emperor, considered a traitor and liable to execution.
In January 1964, Morrison moved to Los Angeles, California to attend UCLA.
Afterwards, Finlay bullied Cole and told him Postl's name was Hornswoggle.
The US Army's 36th Infantry Division in Italy attempts to cross the Rapido River.
Gravity rotates the disc material inward toward the center body.
The music video for ''Come as You Are'' was directed by Kevin Kerslake, who was inspired by the cover art of Nevermind.
The temperature of the crust increases with depth, reaching values ​​typically between about 200 C -LRB- 392 F -RRB- and 400 C -LRB- 752 F -RRB- at the boundary with the underlying mantle.
The music and lyrics expressed a sense of pride in the power of the peasantry of the northwest.
With little disruption to water flows and vegetation cover across watersheds, the Cape York Peninsula has been identified as one of the few places where tropical water cycles remain essentially intact.
Katherine was always the newcomer and never fit in very well, perhaps in part because of her British accent and second-hand clothes.
in Mexico -RRB- was a Spanish novelist and writer.
For the first hour -LRB- UTC 10:00 â'' 10:59 -RRB- , this is true for inhabited territories, while during the second hour -LRB- UTC 11:00 â'' 11:59 -RRB - it is only true if one counts an uninhabited maritime time zone twelve hours behind UTC.
Mercury compounds are those that contain mercury -LRB- Hg -RRB- .
The treasures of the church are a 10th century crucifix and an 11th century gospel book
Various interpretations of "rain dances" can be found in many agricultural or horticultural cultures, from ancient Egypt to certain Native American tribes.
The second part is three letters, which is the British Standard BS 6879 three-letter code for the subdivision.
The 2005 Mexican census population was 4,293,459.
Dendermonde -LRB- English: Dendermonde -RRB- is a Belgian town and municipality located in the Flemish province of East Flanders.
Reviews and quotes on Plan B 4.0 Klaus Schwab of the World Economic Forum describes it as “a great book that should wake up humanity”. ''
The memories also reveal that Snape did not murder Dumbledore, but carried out Dumbledore's pre-arranged plan.
Hermetschwil-Staffeln is a municipality in the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
One of the goals of compiler and processor designers is to identify and exploit as many ILPs as possible.
Andrea Fortunato -LRB- July 26, 1971 - April 25, 1995 -RRB- was an Italian football player who played as a left-back for Juventus and the Italian national team.
Kakul is a town located in Kakul valley at an altitude of 1300 meters, 5 km northeast of Abbottabad city, near Thandiani hills, Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.
However, considerable volcanic activity has taken place in the geologically recent past, including the explosive eruption that occurred at Mount Meager 2,350 years ago.
These upgrades allowed him to overcome the power limits imposed by his fully organic form, and it is said that he was more powerful than ever -LRB- but even with this power boost he was still not up to the task. of the power of a well. formed Super Saiyan -RRB-.
The vocabulary of the text consists of only fifty different words, of which 49 are monosyllabic -LRB- the only exception being ''anywhere'' -RRB-.
The parish church, unused since the 1970s, stands on the site of an early Christian monastery founded by Saint Adomninus, Abbot of Iona -LRB- who died in 704 -RRB-.
Vaux-en-Bugey is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
The automated system is used throughout the metro and RT system.
Mafic lava, before cooling, has a low viscosity, compared to felsic lava, due to the low silica content of mafic magma.
Catherine McCoid and LeRoy McDermott theorize that the figurines were made as self-portraits by the women themselves.
official_name = Gura Humorului
Nord -LRB- , -RRB- is one of the ten French -LRB- departments: -RRB- departments of Haiti.
It sits on the south bank of the River Tyne opposite Newcastle upon Tyne and together they form the urban core of Tyneside.
This legend first appeared in the Belur inscription of Vishnuvardhana -LRB-/O1117/O-RRB-, but due to several inconsistencies in Sala's story, it remains in the realm of folklore.
It resembles a triangle in shape and is bordered by Bangladesh and the Indian state of West Bengal to the state of Tamil Nadu, India and Sri Lanka to the west and Burma -LRB- Myanmar - RRB- and the Andaman and Nicobar Islands to the east.
Another example is the terrestrial globe introduced to Beijing by the Persian astronomer Jamal ad-Din in 1267.
The police are waiting outside, and Killer Kane is taken back to prison and must serve his original sentence plus ten years.
The pig nonetheless became one of Pink Floyd's enduring symbols, and inflatable pigs were now a staple of Pink Floyd live performances.
The number of betting rounds in a game influences how the game plays with different betting structures.
Her mother was an actress who worked in the theater of Vsevolod Meyerhold.
The show ran for three seasons, from August 12, 1995 to February 7, 1997, and spawned its own short-lived comic book series, Adventures of The Mask.
Prudius gained many accomplishments, becoming the 2005 USA Open Heavyweight Sambo Champion
Agnatha are ectothermic or cold-blooded, with a cartilaginous skeleton, and the heart contains 2 cavities.
It is bounded to the north by the Barents Sea, to the west by the Norwegian Sea and to the east by the White Sea.
Many great artists including Sviatoslav Richter, Vladimir Ashkenazy, Elisabeth Schwarzkopf, Victoria de los Ángeles, Sergey Prokofiev, Shura Cherkassky, Paul Hindemith, Andrés Segovia, Benjamin Britten and Francis Poulenc have performed there.
In December 1997, Ignacio Ramonet, editor-in-chief of Le Monde Diplomatique, renewed the debate around the Tobin tax with an editorial entitled ''Disarming the markets''.
Its population, in 2010, is 197,426, making it the fourth largest city in the country after Copenhagen, Århus and Odense.
1900 saw the commission The Dream of Gerontius by Edward Elgar.
Kevin Bacon himself has a Bacon number of 0.
However, his motives soon changed, as he decided to use his talents to combat the criminal element that plagued South Texas.
In 1933, Hoffmann - La Roche became the first pharmaceutical company to mass-produce synthetic vitamin C, under the brand name Redoxon.
Ticino borders the canton of Uri to the north, Valais to the west -LRB- via the Novena Pass -RRB-, Grisons to the northeast, the Italian regions of Piedmont and Lombardy to the south and it surrounds the small Italian enclave of Campione d'Italia.
Donnay is a commune in the Calvados department of the Lower Normandy region in northwestern France.
for this "Helene of the West",
The 2010 WTA Tour calendar includes the Grand Slam tournaments -LRB- supervised by the International Tennis Federation -LRB- ITF -RRB- -RRB-, the WTA Premier -LRB-Premier Mandatory, Premier 5 and Premier Regular -RRB tournaments. - , the WTA international tournaments , the Fed Cup -LRB- organized by the ITF -RRB- , and the year-end championships -LRB- the Commonwealth Bank Tournament of Champions and the WTA Tour Championships -RRB- .
findarticles.com ''Disney buys Muppets as bid prospect fades'' 2/18/04 Exceptions include characters appearing on Sesame Street -LRB- as they were previously sold to Sesame Workshop, though they have always had creative rights, paying only The Jim Henson Company to create and supply their Muppet characters for their use -RRB- and the Fraggles of Fraggle Rock -LRB- which are still owned by The Jim Henson Company -RRB-.
Michael -LRB- ''Mick'' -RRB-Collins -LRB-; 16 October 1890 22 August 1922 -RRB- was an Irish revolutionary leader, Finance Minister and MP for Cork South in the 1919 First Dáil, Director of Intelligence for the IRA, and member of the Irish delegation during the Anglo Treaty negotiations -Irish.
Wood expands and contracts in response to moisture, usually much less longitudinally than in the radial and tangential directions.
Laurent Clerc -LRB- December 26, 1785 â ''July 18, 1869 -RRB- , born Louis Laurent Marie Clerc , has been called ''the apostle of the deaf in America'' by generations of deaf Americans.
Wizzart had planned to attend the University of Manchester to study law.
This period of civil war became emblematic of the cyclical political turmoil in the history of the Roman Empire.
Roussel's orchestration is quite heavy compared to the subtle and nuanced style of other French composers like Gabriel Fauré or Claude Debussy.
For gases, pressure is sometimes measured not as absolute pressure, but relative to atmospheric pressure; such measurements are called relative pressure -LRB- also sometimes spelled relative pressure -RRB-.
Nocera Inferiore, formerly Nocera dei Pagani, is an Italian commune in Campania, Italy, in the province of Salerno, at the foot of Mount Albino, 20 km east-southeast of Naples by rail.
The Number of the Beast is the third studio album by British heavy metal band Iron Maiden.
Meurchin is a commune in the department of Pas-de-Calais in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in France.
Paving the Way for ESL - Extended Shelf Life Dairy Products | Dairy products | Find articles at BNET.com Milk simply labeled ''Pasteurized'' is usually treated with the HTST method, while milk labeled as ''Ultra-Pasteurized'' or simply ''UHT'' has been treated with the UHT method .
Ghazan II replaces Anusirvan as head of the Il-Khanate in Persia.
Due to Raw's multiple taping schedule, WCW Vice President Eric Bischoff, who was also an on-air personality, frequently gave the results of WWF taped Raw shows during the broadcast. live from WCW.
It was for Francis that Leonardo was commissioned to make a mechanical lion that could move forward and then open its chest to reveal a cluster of lilies.
The London Borough of Harrow is a London Borough in North West London.
Demi Moore Kutcher, professionally known as Demi Moore -LRB- born November 11, 1962 -RRB- is an American actress.
He served as President of Zambia from January 2002 until his death in August 2008.
Ned Kelly Outlaw Ned Kelly had many connections to Beechworth - he spent time in HM Prison Beechworth and fought a famous boxing fight with Isaiah 'Wild' Wright in the back of a hotel local -LSB- -RSB- .
Isabella Mary Beeton -LRB- née Mayson -RRB- -LRB- March 12, 1836 – February 6, 1865 -RRB-, universally known as Mrs. Beeton, was the English author of Mrs. Beeton's book Household Management, and is one of the best-known food writers.
Macon is a city located in central Georgia, United States.
The album was released on July 9, 2002 on Warner Bros.
There is also one of three Kimball Farms, a fairly well-known ice cream parlor in the state of Massachusetts.
Nuclear energy provides around 6% of the world's energy and 13-14% of the world's electricity, with the United States, France and Japan together accounting for around 50% of the electricity produced by nuclear.
Lorenz popularized FAPs as instinctual responses that would reliably occur in the presence of identifiable stimuli -LRB- called sign stimuli or release stimuli -RRB-.
Unsafe abortion is the termination of an unwanted pregnancy by persons lacking the necessary skills, or in an environment lacking minimum medical standards, or both.
During World War II it was called RAF Ringway, and from 1975 to 1986 the title was Manchester International Airport.
Although there are sections reserved for women and children, the Grand Mosque of Makkah is desegregated.
About 80 species of plants are named after Banks.
At the time she was singing purely traditional unaccompanied material, but in 1976 she collaborated with Maddy Prior on the Silly Sisters album and tour, with a full band that included Nic Jones.
Illinois has 59 legislative districts, with two representatives and one senator from each corresponding district.
During a dinner attended by the Dearly couple, Cruella de Vil expresses her aversion to animals; subsequently, the couple's new Dalmatian puppies disappear.
Condition ,
Tamworth is nationally known as the "Country Music Capital of Australia", hosting the Tamworth Country Music Festival each year in late January; the second largest country music festival in the world.
Whitbourne is a town on the Avalon Peninsula in Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada, in Division No. 1.
Camillo Berneri -LRB- also known as Camillo da Lodi; May 28, 1897, Lodi - May 5, 1937, Barcelona -RRB- was an Italian professor of philosophy, anarchist activist, propagandist and theorist.
Düsseldorf -LRB- -RRB- is the capital of the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia and the center of the Rhine-Ruhr metropolitan region.
Actias luna, commonly known as the Luna Moth, is a lime-green Nearctic moth in the subfamily Saturniinae.
In Norse mythology, Fenris or Fenrir -LRB- Old Norse ''fen-dweller'' Orchard -LRB-/O1997:42/O-RRB-. -RRB-
He is the author of 57 books, the best known of which is Night, a memoir that describes his experiences during the Holocaust and his imprisonment in several concentration camps.
“Sveccha means one's own wish or free will.
The majority of the then existing oblasts were located on the outskirts of the country -LRB-, for example Kars Oblast or Transcaspian Oblast -RRB- or covered the areas where the Cossacks lived.
Modern developmental biology studies the genetic control of cell growth, differentiation, and “morphogenesis,” which is the process that gives rise to tissues, organs, and anatomy.
Richmond -LRB- -RRB- is a city in western Contra Costa County, California, United States.
In 1819 & ndash; 1820, at least two chemists report a pungent-smelling white solid derived from the distillation of coal tar.
Þrúðr is also the name of one of the valkyries who serve beer to the einherjar in Valhalla -LRB- Grímnismál, stanza 36 -RRB-.
A new constitution was adopted in 2007 -LRB- the Virgin Islands Constitution Order, 2007 -RRB- Virgin Islands Constitution Order 2007 and came into effect when the Legislative Council was dissolved for the 2007 general election.
Essars is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France.
Domptin is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France.
Elizabeth Ann Bloomer Warren Ford -LRB- born April 8, 1918 -RRB- , better known as Betty Ford is the widow of former United States President Gerald R. Ford and served as First Lady of the United States- United from 1974 to 1977.
He is best known for his first novel, The Tin Drum, a key text of European magic realism and the first part of his Danzig trilogy.
In the fall semester of 1973, Carver was a teacher at the Iowa Writers' Workshop with John Cheever, but Carver said they taught less than drinking and almost no writing.
Currently, for Brazil, ISO 3166-2 codes are defined for 1 federal district and 26 states.
Alexander Gottfried Friedrich Gode-von-Aesch or simply Alexander Gode -LRB- October 30, 1906 in Bremen - August 10, 1970 in Mount Kisco, New York -RRB- was a German-American linguist, translator and driving force behind the creation of auxiliary language Interlingua.
Mazan is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.
Saint-Martin-d'Ardèche is located at the southern entrance to the Gorges de l'Ardèche, the Gorges de l'Ardèche.
The city is located on an old ford on the river Main, whose German word is ''Furt''.
Beuchat International, known as Beuchat, was established in 1934 in Marseille, France and is today a world leader in the design, manufacture and marketing of underwater equipment.
The number of Pidgin users was estimated at over 3 million in 2007 .
The International Energy Agency -LRB-IEA; -RRB- is an autonomous intergovernmental organization based in Paris, created within the framework of the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development -LRB- OECD -RRB- in 1974 following the 1973 oil crisis.
Edward Joseph Derwinski -LRB- born September 15, 1926 -RRB- is an American politician who served as the first cabinet-level United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs under President George HW Bush from March 15, 1989 to September 26, 1992.
The base is a converted German army airfield, which is reflected in some of the buildings, including the living quarters.
The theoretical possibility of the UK Parliament passing laws to override the Australian Constitution was also removed.
The Edsel was a brand of car manufactured by the Ford Motor Company during the 1958, 1959, and 1960 model years.
Antioch on the Orontes -LRB-; ; ; Arabic: , Antakya; also the Great Antioch or Syrian Antioch -RRB- was an ancient city on the eastern bank of the Orontes River.
MeshName =
Its central rite, which is public, is called Liber XV, or the Gnostic Mass.
Cathay Pacific Airways Limited -LRB-, -RRB- is the flag carrier airline of Hong Kong, with its head office and main hub at Hong Kong International Airport.
Trinidad and Tobago 11 - 1 Antigua and Barbuda -LRB- Port of Spain, Trinidad and Tobago; November 10, 1972 -RRB-
Yes may refer to:
According to German food laws, only products called “Bavarian Leberkäse” are allowed to contain no liver; otherwise, there must be a minimum liver content of 4%.
Features of Djibouti City include the beaches along its eastern shore and the large central market, the Stade du Ville national stadium, the presidential palace, and the Hamoudi Mosque.
Winston Churchill's speech announcing victory to the British people is evidence of a de facto recognition of the authority of the Flensburg government, as Churchill mentioned that the surrender had been authorized by ''Grand Admiral Dönitz, the designated leader of the German state. .
March 4 & ndash; Grand Duchess Anna Petrovna of Russia, eldest daughter of Peter the Great -LRB- b. 1708 -RRB-
Attempts have been made to recreate it several times in recent years, but the original 1969 Woodstock Festival proved legendary.
Immediately, Weiland and DeLeo formed a band with two of Scott's friends from Edison High School, Corey Hicock -LRB- guitar -RRB- and David Allin -LRB- drums -RRB-.
La Salvia-Los Quemados
The song is influenced by 1970s funk and contains limited elements of 1980s go-go, with a sound that closely resembles live music.
USB cables and small USB devices are held in place by the gripping force of the -LRB- receptacle without the need for the screws, clips or turnstiles required by other -RRB- connectors.
It can also be defined as the science and art of selecting and interconnecting hardware components to create computers that meet functional, performance, and cost goals.
It is subordinate to the 36th Division and is one of the most decorated infantry units in the Israel Defense Forces.
The municipality was formed on January 1, 1977 by the unification of the previously separate municipalities of Seeheim and Jugenheim.
The whole recovery process is usually completed in four hours.
A prolific actor, some of Sutherland's best-known roles in the 1980s and 1990s were in the apartheid South African drama A Dry White Season -LRB-/O1989/O-RRB-, alongside Marlon Brando and Susan Sarandon; as an incarcerated arsonist in the firefighting thriller Backdraft -LRB-/O1991/O-RRB-, alongside Kurt Russell and Robert De Niro; and as a posh New York art dealer in Six Degrees of Separation -LRB-/O1993/O-RRB-, with Stockard Channing and Will Smith.
1814 & ndash; Jean-Fran çois Millet, French painter -LRB- d. 1875 -RRB-
The township of '' Coura Rocks '' was born in 1844 .
Langueux is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department in Brittany in northwestern France.
This process copies a piece of DNA.
In 1805 Lucca was taken by Napoleon, who appointed his sister Elisa Bonaparte Baciocchi as ''Queen of Etruria''.
In 1979, Sogyal Rinpoche chose the name Rigpa – the most intimate and essential nature of the mind – for his work.
The Turkic languages ​​constitute a linguistic family of at least thirty-five languages, spoken by the Turkic peoples in a vast region stretching from Eastern Europe and the Mediterranean to Siberia and Western China, and are considered as part of the proposed Altaic language family.
Abilene, Texas, United States
Chromium oxide -LRB- III -RRB- is the inorganic compound with the formula Cr2O3.
The following year, he received the Nobel Prize for Literature.
Acton Town, opened 1 July 1879 by the Metropolitan District Railway, later District line; first served by the Piccadilly line on 4 July 1932.
Bind all dates, even if they are repeated, for date format preferences.
The Movie, which served as the pilot for a television series called Lilo & Stitch: The Series.
Most of this newspaper's subscribers are located in San Felipe, La Paz, and Cabo San Lucas San Felipe.
AtatÃ 1\/4 rk International Airport is the main international airport in Istanbul, Turkey.
It separates the Mediterranean coastal region of southern Turkey from the central Anatolian plateau.
Alan Arthur Johnson -LRB- born 17 May 1950 -RRB- is a British Labor Party politician who served as Home Secretary from June 2009 to May 2010.
However, his writings record the use of a wide variety of stimuli, including electric shocks, whistles, metronomes, tuning forks, and a range of visual stimuli, in addition to ringing a bell.
Wilson, who was Sutton's teacher, called this the Sutton-Boveri hypothesis.
Jhangochi -LRB- Ø Ú 3\/4 Ù Ú Ù Ú Û -RRB- is the oldest and most conservative dialect of the Punjabi language.
As a result, the passengers decided to mount an assault on the hijackers and take control of the plane.
1893 & ndash; Lizzie Borden is acquitted of the murders of her father and stepmother.
The sound attributes that determine meter can vary from language to language, and sometimes between poetic traditions.
Mudskippers are members of the subfamily Oxudercinae -LRB- tribe Periophthalmini -RRB-, within the family Gobiidae -LRB- Gobies -RRB-.
It is located on the Adriatic Sea near the coast between the Piave and Livenza rivers and between two famous tourist towns: Caorle and Jesolo.
When Spider-Man first appeared in the early 1960s, teenage superhero comics were generally relegated to the role of sidekick to the protagonist.
Dario José dos Santos -LRB- born March 4, 1943 in Rio de Janeiro -RRB-, nicknamed Dario, or Dadà Maravilha -LRB- Wonder Dadà -RRB- is a former Brazilian footballer.
Ze -LRB-, -RRB- is a letter of the Cyrillic alphabet, representing the consonant.
By the 1750s the suite had gone out of fashion, being replaced by the symphony and the concerto, and few composers were still writing suites at this time.
The optimal habitat for P. terribilis is tropical forest with high rainfall rates -LRB- 5 m or more -RRB- , an altitude between 100 â '' 200 m , a temperature of at least 26 Â C and a relative humidity of 80 to 90%.
The pre-Roman Britons mainly used unpaved roads for their communications, including very ancient roads running along high ridges of hills, such as the South Downs Way, now a public long-distance footpath.
He is best known for his papers on mechanism design/implementation theory and dynamic games.
The band's name was suggested by bassist Mikey Way, Gerard's younger brother, who was working in a library when he was struck by the title of a book called ''Ecstacy: Three Tales of Chemical Romance''.
Figure skaters compete at different levels, from beginner to Olympic level -LRB- senior -RRB-, and in local, national and international competitions.
In soil science, humus -LRB- Origin: 1790 â '' 1800; -LRB- Latin: earth, soil -RRB- refers to any organic material that has reached a point of stability, where it will no longer decompose and could, if conditions do not change, remain as it is for centuries or even years. millennia.
1970 & ndash; Tonga gains independence from the United Kingdom.
In 1988, Roraima became a state by decision of the National Congress.
So far, more dinosaurs have been discovered in Asia than on any other continent.
Tropical storms arrive every 3 or 4 years.
He plays for J. League Division 1 team Omiya Ardija.
The flame burns gas or steam, the visible part of the fire.
In 1938, under that year's first Vienna Prize, KomÃ rno -LRB- now again as KomÃrom -RRB- was returned to Hungary.
There are several unrelated rainbow flags in use today.
A county is a local government territorial area within a country.
The names of the four then known moons of Uranus were suggested by Herschel's son, John, in 1852, at the request of William Lassell, who had discovered the other two moons, Ariel and Umbriel, the previous year.
It is named after one of the oceanographic research vessels involved in its 1993 discovery.
The village was founded in 972.
These range from youth sports to professional level athletics.
She was recognized as the first professional female writer in Europe.
The source of the river is at Irwell Springs on Deerplay Moor, approximately 1.5m north of Bacup, in the parish of Cliviger, Lancashire.
In criminal law, rape is an assault by one person involving sexual intercourse with another person without that person's consent.
These tell of children's school holiday adventures, mostly in the Lake District and the Norfolk Broads.
Clara By-Pass Road Tindalo St. Yakal St. / Luwasan References External Links Barangay Sta.
He was elected MP for Derbyshire in 1741 and 1747.
Air traffic controllers heard Atta announce, "We have planes, keep quiet and you'll be fine."
Possession Island is a small island in the Torres Strait group of islands off the coast of Far North Queensland, Australia.
Agriculture: A considerable part of the region is irrigated.
He was considered by the Bonapartists to be the rightful Emperor of the French after the death of Napoleon's own son, Napoleon II, in 1832, although he did little to advance his claim.
Its divine wind will sweep -LSB- the galaxy -RSB-, propelling all who are worthy on the path of salvation.
Its first pastor was William Rider, and many other notables have held the office since, including Benjamin Keach, Dr. John Gill, Dr. John Rippon, and CH Spurgeon.
Prior to the 2005 Australian Open, Safin had caught fire towards the end of the 2004 season, in part due to his hiring of Peter Lundgren, and was considered one of the favorites for the title.
His increasingly nationalistic views and the effectiveness with which he articulated them led Webster to become one of the most famous orators and influential Whig leaders of the Second Party System.
Goudelancourt-l Ã s-Berrieux is a commune of the department of Aisne in Picardy in the north of France.
Two major tributaries enter from the east during this last phase: the Yarmouk River and the Jabbok River.
This is sometimes called ''flux density''.
Ardengus becomes bishop of Florence.
Ö 3 Austria Top 40 is the name of the official Austrian singles chart, as well as the radio show that features it, broadcast on Fridays on Hitradio Ö 3.
L'Isle-Aubigny is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.
Gours is a commune in the Gironde department in southwestern France.
Chuang Yi Publishing Pte Ltd. , September 2004 .
1863 & ndash; American Civil War: Battle of the Arkansas Post & ndash; General John McClernand and Admiral David Dixon Porter capture the Arkansas River for the Union.
His third album, '-LRB-/O1996/O-RRB-, was nominated for a Grammy and went on the Billboard jazz charts for 70 weeks.
Neoprene or polychloroprene is a family of synthetic rubbers produced by polymerization of chloroprene.
Richard de la Pole, last Yorkist claimant to the English throne
At a minimum, HDTV has twice the linear resolution of standard definition television -LRB- SDTV -RRB-, thus showing more detail than regular analog television or DVD.
Add the text ' to your talk page and type your question below , and someone will come to help you as soon as possible .
He was also a collector of English folk music and songs which influenced his editorial approach to the English Hymnal, from 1904, containing many arrangements of folk songs defined as hymns, in addition to several original compositions.
Baha'u'llah was born on November 12, 1817 in Tehran, the capital of Persia, in what is now Iran.
State of the World Renewable Energy Report: 2009 Update p. 12 .
Some of the songs were written during Wicked Lester's brief existence, while 'Firehouse' was written by Paul Stanley while attending Music and Art High School in New York.
Scorpion stings lead to paralysis and Serket's name describes this, as it means -LRB- she who -RRB- constricts the throat, however, Serket's name can also be read as meaning -LRB- she who -RRB - causes the throat to breathe, and therefore, in addition to being seen as stinging the unrighteous, Serket was seen as someone who could heal scorpion stings and the effects of other poisons such as snakebites.
In Germany, Punch is called Kasperle or Kaspar while Judy is called ''Grete''.
John of Gaunt died in 1399, and without explanation Richard rescinded the legal documents that would have allowed Henry to automatically inherit Gaunt's land; instead, Henry would be required to claim the lands from Richard.
In general, the incident wave is partially refracted and partially reflected; the details of this behavior are described by the Fresnel equations.
He was voiced by Jeremy Irons in the English version of The Lion King and his supervising animator was Andreas Deja.
Cynicism -LRB- -RRB-, in its original form, refers to the beliefs of an ancient school of Greek philosophers known as the Cynics -LRB-, -RRB-.
The shrines in Israel face Jerusalem.
T-square The receiving partner lies on their back with their knees up and their legs apart.
It was a pro-Ming dynasty kingdom, and was founded by Koxinga -LRB- -RRB-, literally Lord with Imperial surname, because he received the Ming Emperor's surname -RRB- , after the destruction of Ming power by Manchu.
April 22 & ndash; The first Statutes of Westminster are passed by the English Parliament, establishing a series of laws in its 51 clauses, including the equal treatment of rich and poor, free and fair elections, and the definition of dischargeable and non-dischargeable offenses .
The modern camera evolved from the camera obscura.
Richard Feynman begins his lectures with the Atomic Hypothesis, as his most compact statement of all scientific knowledge: ''If, in a cataclysm, all scientific knowledge should be destroyed, and a single sentence passed on to succeeding generations ... , which statement would contain the most information in the fewest words?
Rickardsville is a city in Dubuque County, Iowa, United States.
They combine elements of black metal, death metal and folk metal with a type of Finnish folk music called humppa.
Due to legal issues, version 2.0 of the software has been locked in the beta phase.
98, pages 333-370.
Weatherford is a city in Custer County, Oklahoma, United States.
India sent in its army and fought the Pakistanis with the Bengalis until Pakistan was totally defeated and driven out of Bangladesh on December 16, 1971.
Melodifestivalen -LRB-, ''The Melody Festival'' -RRB- is an annual music competition organized by the Swedish public broadcasters Sveriges Television -LRB- SVT -RRB- and Sveriges Radio -LRB- SR -RRB-.
Generally, criminal theft involves taking possession of property illegally.
Bürgermeister, in German: in Germany, Austria, and formerly in Switzerland.
Her father, Benjamin Mayson, died when she was young, and her mother, Elizabeth Jerram, later remarried Henry Dorling, who was a widower and had four children of his own.
The excavated temple can still be seen in Pompeii today.
Visitors can take the ''Tower Tour'' where the interior of the hollow spire, with its old wooden scaffolding, can be seen.
As per his pre-election promise, bus fares were frozen for four years, but then bus cash fares more than doubled while Oyster fares -LRB- see below -RRB- remained the same .
UCI Road World Championships Junior men's road race 1980 Member of the United States Olympic cycling team 1981 Renault-Elf-Gitane First year as a professional.
Baking powder works by releasing carbon dioxide into a dough or batter through an acid-base reaction, causing bubbles to expand in the wet mixture and thus causing the mixture to rise.
His number 33 jersey was retired by the Colorado Avalanche and the Montreal Canadiens.
The song became the band's first number one in the UK on October 15, 2006, staying there for two weeks, then rose to number one on the Modern Rock charts on October 26, 2006, where it remained for seven weeks.
Irish clubs withdrew from competition after 1971-72 due to political pressure, Irish clubs withdrew and in 1973-74 and 1974-75 competed in a Texaco-LRB-All-Ireland-RRB-Cup.All- Ireland Cross-Border Cup Competitions , -LRB- C -RRB- Copyright Sean DeLoughry , Julian Canny and RSSSF 2003\/08 The tournament was sponsored by US oil giant Texaco to the tune of #100,000 , and was instituted to help promote their recent purchase of the Regent gas station chain.
The olive tree is native to the Mediterranean region and western Asia, and has spread to neighboring countries from there.
A smoothing plane, up long, is used to begin to prepare the surface for finishing.
Cecil Adams, The Straight Dope, February 2001, webpage:
In 1992, the imprint reached its first #1 record in The Cure's album Wish, which topped the charts in the UK.
The chemical signal binds to the outer part of the receptor, changing its shape and transmitting another signal inside the cell.
1965 & ndash; Vietnam War: A few miles from Da Nang, United States Marines repel an intense attack in wave after wave of Viet Cong forces, killing 56 guerrillas.
Gunnedah station is located on the Mungindi -LRB- or North West -RRB- line, 475 km from Sydney.
The metropolitan area has a population of 1,240,000 and the city proper 1,090,000 -LRB- 2005 Census -RRB-.
The figures below are for the Taunton Deane area.
The Anantnag district includes these tehsils:
The Civil Aviation Authority -LRB- CAA -RRB- , is the public body responsible for aviation -LRB- flying -RRB- in the United Kingdom -LRB- UK -RRB- .
Even if they are few in number, when maybe 5 people gang up and spit vitriol on a new user, it gives the intense illusion, as one person concluded: ''the inmates run the asylum'' .
Working Group III: MitigationWorking Group 3, IPCC.
Kite shields were also commonly used by cavalry.
George B. McClellan
Marin Mersenne, Marin Mersennus or le PÃ re Mersenne -LRB- September 8, 1588 -- September 1, 1648 -RRB- was a French theologian, philosopher, mathematician and music theorist, often called the ''father of acoustics'' .
Gelder 2007 Identifying subcultures Subcultures can be distinguished by age, ethnicity, class, location, and/or gender of members.
Given the small size of a boot sector, stage 1 does little more than load the next stage of GRUB -LRB- which may physically reside elsewhere on disk -RRB-.
Ecuador -LRB- -RRB-, officially the Republic of Ecuador -LRB-, -RRB-, literally, ''Republic of the Equator'' -RRB- is a representative democratic republic of South America, bordered by Colombia to the north, Peru to the east and south, and by the Pacific Ocean to the west.
Johnny Reid ''John'' Edwards -LRB- born June 10, 1953 -RRB- is an American politician who served one term as a United States Senator from North Carolina.
The town of Delta Junction is located on the Delta River at the intersection of the Richardson Highway and the famous Alaska Highway -LRB-, effectively the end of the Alaska Highway -RRB-. The town and community of the Delta sits in the fertile valley of the Tanana River.
William Moseley, Anna Popplewell, Georgie Henley and Skandar Keynes play Peter, Susan, Lucy and Edmund, four British children evacuated during the Blitz to the Countryside, who find a wardrobe that leads to the fantasy world of Narnia.
Tropical waves in the Atlantic Basin develop from disturbances that develop as far east as Sudan in East Africa and drift over the continent into the Atlantic Ocean.
Map lichen is a species of lichen, Rhizocarpon geographicum, that grows on rocks in mountainous areas with low air pollution.
The team plays its home games at Herschel Greer Stadium, which opened in 1978 and hosts 10,300 fans.
The letters turned out to be forgeries written by journalist Richard Pigott, and Parnell was personally vindicated by the Parnell Commission in 1888-89.
Norway's largest horse show, the Arctic Equestrian Games, is held at the Brunstad Conference Centre.
It connects through the high-speed parallel port on the bottom of the GameCube and requires the use of a boot disk to access the hardware.
Facts About Chuck Norris are satirical facts about martial artist and actor Chuck Norris that have become an internet phenomenon and have consequently spread into popular culture.
Saxe-Coburg -LRB- -RRB- was a duchy held by the Ernestine branch of the Wettin dynasty in present-day Bavaria, Germany.
Sputnikmusic link
He played as a goalkeeper for the Urawa Red Diamonds. Comment by Goalkeeper Coach Hisashi Tsuchida “I've been with the Reds for so long.
The Pigeon Detectives are an English band from Rothwell, West Yorkshire, formed in 2002.
The Buddha, on his deathbed, had resolved five things, one being that the branch which was to be taken to Ceylon had to come loose.
Applicants must pass Grade 5 Theory or Grade 5 Music Practice or Grade 5 Jazz in order to advance to the Grade 6, Grade 7, and Grade 8 practical exams.
They are found worldwide, mostly in shallow seas on continental shelves, and they are carnivores, eating mostly fish and squid.
The Social Democratic Hunchakian Party -LRB- SDHP -RRB- -LRB- -RRB-, is the oldest of the Armenian political parties and was the first socialist party in the Ottoman Empire and Persia.
Courier Forschungsinstitut Senckenberg n° 255: pp 7 - 75 .
The treaty was created with an armed attack by the Soviet Union on Western Europe in mind, but the mutual self-defense clause was never invoked during the Cold War.
She runs home to find Rhett packing to leave her, she begs him not to leave, telling him she realizes now that she always loved him, that she never really loved. Ashley.
Nevada is a city and the county seat of Story County, Iowa, United States.
Kanawha is a city in Hancock County, Iowa, United States.
Christine Jane Baranski -LRB- born May 2, 1952 -RRB- is an American theater and film actress.
Erinaceomorpha
The roots of the Stampede date back to 1886 when the Calgary and District Agricultural Society held its first fair.
The -LRB- time signature also known as the -RRB- metric signature is a notational convention used in Western music notation to specify the number of beats in each measure and what note value constitutes a beat.
Many are plants of the hot, humid lowlands, but the majority are tropical montane plants, receiving hot days but cool to cold, humid nights all year round.
London, UK
Patrick Joseph ''Pat'' Quinn III -LRB- born December 16, 1948 -RRB- is the 41st and current Governor of Illinois. He is a member of the Democratic Party.
Make human translation easier, faster and more profitable
She originated the role of Wendla in the musical Spring Awakening and currently plays Rachel Berry in the Fox television series Glee.
Digital media is a form of electronic media where data is stored in digital form -LRB- as opposed to analog form -RRB-.
In 1956, when officially established, the armed forces of the Communist Democratic Republic of East Germany -LRB-GDR -RRB- were named Nationale Volksarmee -LRB-National People's Army -RRB-, some of which, with equipment , were incorporated into the Bundeswehr when German reunification consolidated the Germanys in 1990 .
They are divided into a smaller northern group with six islets, and a larger southern group, separated by a wide passage.
See the article on resistance training for more information on elastic/hydraulic training, but note that the terms ''strength training'' and ''resistance training'' are often used interchangeably .
Henry John Heinz III -LRB- October 23, 1938 â '' April 4, 1991 -RRB- was an American politician from Pennsylvania, a Republican member of the United States House of Representatives -LRB- 1971 â '' 1977 -RRB- and the United States Senate -LRB- 1977 â '' 1991 -RRB- .
The design of the aluminum twin-cam, 16-valve cylinder head was assisted by Cosworth, but Chevrolet did the development work.
With the exception of lines U5 and U6, all lines run entirely underground.
The only Pacific hurricanes to hit Mexico with greater intensity were the 1976 Hurricane Madeline and an unnamed storm in 1959.
Although already cooked and "ready to eat", it is sometimes served hot, as in France.
Daniel Dwight Tosh -LRB- born May 29, 1975 -RRB- is an American comedian and television presenter.
About 150 fishermen survived the storm by waiting on islands, sandbars or disabled fishing boats.
Long became the manager of Doom -LRB- Ron Simmons and Butch Reed -RRB- and led them to the World Tag Team Titles.
Shelties are great with children.
For a short time, Snow White was the highest-grossing film in American film history; he was ousted from that spot by 1939's Gone with the Wind.
Cézanne can be said to form the bridge between late 19th century Impressionism and the new line of artistic research of the early 20th century, Cubism.
Pichilemu -LRB-, -RRB-, formerly known as Pichilemo, is a resort town in central Chile.
A chaplain is usually a priest, pastor, ordained deacon, rabbi, imam, other member of the clergy, or other representative of a religion or belief, serving a group of people who do not are not organized into a mission or a church, or are unable to do so. to attend religious services for various reasons, such as health, confinement, military or civil obligations.
Most major cities now send solid waste to sewage treatment plants to separate and partially purify the water before discharging it into streams or other bodies of water.
He is famous for his articulation of the separation of powers theory, taken for granted in modern discussions of government and implemented in many constitutions around the world.
Both GQ and In Style had Alba on their June 2008 covers, and in May, after eight million votes, FHM -LRB- UK and USA -RRB- editions named Alba the winner as ''2007â€™s Sexiest Woman in the World''.
The remaining convection continued to decline, and by the end of October 25, Wilma upgraded to an extratropical cyclone while roughly southeast of Halifax, Nova Scotia, and still at a category 1 intensity.
On February 26, 2007, Stefanie Sun returned from Cairo where she and her team were extorted by suspected local gangsters.
It is valued for its unique flavor compared to other limes, with lime generally having a more tart and bitter flavor.
The rank was also used, before 1968, by the Royal Canadian Navy, but when the Canadian Forces were created, the rank of midshipman was replaced by the rank of naval cadet.
Mark has two twin sisters: Charlotte is a fashion designer and Samantha is a DJ and singer.
The watt -LRB-; symbol: W -RRB- is a unit of power derived from the International System of Units -LRB- SI -RRB- , named after the Scottish engineer James Watt -LRB- 1736 -- 1819 -RRB- .
The colors were standardized in 1843, although other combinations were observed and are sometimes still used.
Slobodan DubajiÄ -LRB- born February 19, 1963 -RRB- is a former Serbian footballer.
Helmet design: White background, with a black ''BC'' and a puma head profile -LRB- orange -RRB- .
March 10 & ndash; King Ferdinand II of Aragon -LRB- d. 1516 -RRB-
Due to the writers' strike, the fourth season had 14 episodes and season 5 had 17 episodes.
Before becoming a protected area by the Peruvian government, the Manà National Park was preserved thanks to its inaccessibility.
In a mixed government, some issues -LRB- often defined in a constitution -RRB- are decided by the majority of the people, other issues by a few, and other issues by one person -LRB- also often defined in a -RRB- constitution.
Bird was elected for the 50th anniversary of the NBA All-Time TeamLarry Bird summary NBA.com.
Sartre is buried in the Cimetière de Montparnasse in Paris.
The List of Sachsenhausen Subcamps identifies the forced labor facilities at Sachsenhausen concentration camp.
Piero Gobetti -LRB-; Turin, June 19, 1901 - Paris, February 15, 1926 -RRB- was an Italian journalist, intellectual and radical and anti-fascist liberal.
-LRB- -RRB- was a political movement within the Communist Party of the Soviet Union widely associated with Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev.
After completing the tractor beam earlier, he demands more money, but instead is thrown into a pit of sharks with lasers on his head by Scott and Doctor Evil.
However, his father wanted him to become a lawyer, and he attended Eton College and then Trinity College, Oxford.
Tabriz is the site of 14 of the most important universities in Iran, the main university in the city is the University of Tabriz established in 1947. The University of Tabriz is the most prestigious university in northwestern Iran and it is considered one of the five mother universities in the country.
Argences is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France.
By the 1960s, more than 200 lakes had been created, the most in the nation.
This field covers all chemical compounds except the myriad of organic -LRB- carbon-based compounds, usually containing CH -RRB- bonds, which are the subject of organic chemistry.
He is widely recognized as the last great master of Ukiyo-e, a type of Japanese woodblock printing.
A cryptographic system is any computer system that involves cryptography.
Dippoldiswalde is a town in the Free State of Saxony, Germany, capital of the district of Sächsische Schweiz-Osterzgebirge.
Bourgeois influences on anarchism -LRB- in English -RRB-
id: sfondo value: rgb -LRB-/O1,1,1/O-RRB-
West Slavs are Slavic peoples speaking West Slavic languages.
On 21 August 2010, Walcott scored the first hat-trick of his club career after scoring three goals against newly promoted Blackpool in a 6–0 home win, only entering the second game of the new season.
The Holocaust Research Unit of the Justus Liebig University in Gießen set up the Kellner Project
Subject to the limits imposed by the Constitution of Ireland, he has the power to pass any law he wishes, and to appoint and dismiss the Head of Government Taoiseach -LRB- -RRB-.
She is currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB-, where she appears on the SmackDown brand under the ring name Tiffany.
Aesthetics -LRB- also spelled aesthetics or aesthetics -RRB- is a branch of philosophy dealing with the nature of beauty, art and taste, and the creation and appreciation of beauty.
The city of Ithaca, named after the Greek island of Ithaca, is located on the southern shore of Cayuga Lake in central New York, United States.
Saint-Mars-du-Désert is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France.
The Dáil electorate is made up of Irish and British citizens over the age of 18 who are registered to vote in the Republic of Ireland.
It manages more than 54 million people a year.
It has the largest railway network in the country; with a total length of 8,546 km -LRB- as in 2006 -RRB- and the sixth highest rail density.
Hastings, East Sussex, East Sussex, England
It claims to be the largest ice cream franchise in the world, with over 5,800 locations, including 2,800 in the United States.
The airline's main hub is Auckland Airport -LRB- formerly Auckland International Airport -RRB-.
Since June 2007, the party has been led by Pauline Marois.
The Godfather is a 1972 American thriller film based on the novel of the same name by Mario Puzo and directed by Francis Ford Coppola from an uncredited screenplay by Puzo, Coppola and Robert Towne.
SAS depends on a point-to-point serial protocol that replaces the parallel SCSI bus technology that first appeared in the mid-1980s in data centers and workstations, and it uses the standard SCSI command set .
Density varies widely across the county, with the lowest being in the Derbyshire Dales area at 0.88, and the highest outside the main towns in the Erewash area which has 10.04 people per hectare.
From Calvin's perspective, Hobbes is an anthropomorphic tiger, much larger than Calvin and full of independent attitudes and ideas.
The creation of the new port moved the boundary of the Port of Liverpool to the west.
Tourette-du-Château is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France.
Moreau was born in Paris, daughter of Katherine -LRB- Buckley -RRB-, dancer who performed at the Folies Bergère, and Anatole-Désirà Moreau, restaurateur. Moreau's father was French and his mother was English, originally from Lancashire in England and of part-Irish descent.
The clitoral glans -LRB- glans clitoridis -RRB- is an external part of the clitoris.
Locke's father, also named John Locke, was a country solicitor and clerk to the Justices of the Peace of Chew Magna, who had served as a cavalry captain for the Parliamentary forces at the start of the English Civil War.
The Scottish Parliament -LRB-; Scots: Scottish Pairlament -RRB- Scots for Scots is actually Scottish.
Damaso Banks
According to court records, the Reverend Praetorius was so upset by the defendant's torture that he insisted that the trial of the last surviving woman be stopped.
Colonial and solitary species also reproduce by cloning - solitary species grow clones in the space between the tentacles and then release them when expanded, while colonial species produce new limbs from stems or stolons in the form of a corridor.
1 .
The genus is generally adapted to acidic soils, and most species do not grow well on calcareous or calcium-rich soils.
But the main thing is the face, because the human face participates in communication.
In dry years, the Lachlan can have periods of zero flow of more than a year -LRB- for example from April 1944 to April 1945 -RRB-, which is a complete contrast to the Murray and the Murrumbidgee of which one does not know that they stop flowing. since European colonization.
As early as the 1950s, meteorologists were unsure whether they should be called tropical or extratropical cyclones.
He released his first album, Beware of Dog, at age 13, then under the stage name Lil Bow Wow, given to him by one of his idols, Snoop Dogg.
The Spanish government is committed to reaching a target of 12% primary energy from renewable energies by 2010 with an installed solar production capacity of 3,000 megawatts -LRB- MW -RRB- .
Its orbit is slightly more eccentric than Hygiea's -LRB- 15% versus 12% -RRB- but differs from Hygiea's in its much greater inclination and slightly shorter period.
While there, they were coached by the Chilingirian Quartet.
It is a movable feast, falling on a different date each year as it depends on the date of Easter.
Lostprophets -LRB- -RRB- are a Welsh alternative rock band from Pontypridd, Wales, UK.
1945 & ndash; Puyi, the last Chinese emperor and ruler of Manchukuo, is captured by Soviet troops.
September & ndash; The Battle of the North Inch takes place in Perth, Scotland.
Michelle Leigh McCool -LRB- born January 25, 1980 -RRB- is an American professional wrestler currently working for World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- on the SmackDown brand.
January 31 & ndash; The Washington Monument is established.
Thus, the degree of intrinsic parallelism in the code flow constitutes a second limitation.
The city is home to two Major League Baseball -LRB-MLB-RRB- teams: the Chicago Cubs of the National League -LRB-NL -RRB-, who play at Wrigley Field on the city's north side, and the Chicago White Sox of the American League -LRB- AL -RRB-, who play at US Cellular Field on the south side of the city.
The town of Pierre -LRB-, -RRB- is the capital of the US state of South Dakota and the county seat of Hughes County.
Early life and career Hewitt was born in Waco, Texas, the daughter of Patricia Mae -LRB- née Shipp -RRB-, a speech therapist, and Herbert Daniel Hewitt, a medical technician.
Corbehem is a French commune in the department of Pas-de-Calais in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region.
In 1856 he married Marie-Nelly Monchablon and subsequently had five children.
The news despaired the supporters but Giuseppe Coccimiglio took over the reins of the club and gave confidence to the new club which took the historical name of the team, Unione Sportiva Foggia, and was able to keep its place in the championship.
Economic factors, such as regulations and quality and appearance standards, also drive food waste; farmers often harvest selectively, preferring to leave non-conforming crops in the field -LRB- where they can be used as fertilizer or animal feed -RRB-, as they would otherwise be discarded later.
The university -LRB- the third in Italy -RRB- was founded in 1222 and flourished in the 1200s.
Both sets feature the original Japanese monaural dialogue track as well as the English dubbed version produced by United Artists for North American syndication.
1607 & ndash; Eighty Years' War: The Dutch fleet destroys the Spanish fleet anchored at Gibraltar.
Many places in Brazil called São Luís in Portuguese are named after the French Saint Louis.
The following week on Raw, General Manager Eric Bischoff awarded a new World Heavyweight Championship to Raw's designated No. 1 contender, Triple H. Because from the undisputed WWE Championship, it was now SmackDown!
Murdoch House has since been fully restored and is now regularly used by the Redruth Old Cornwall Society, as well as the Cornish-American Connection and the Redruth Story Group.
The Ib movement, Ibadism or Ib iyya -LRB- Arabic: al-Ib iyyah -RRB- is a form of Islam distinct from the Sunni and Shia faiths.
Full House is an American television sitcom that aired from September 22, 1987 to May 23, 1995 on ABC.
Thus, it presents itself as the source of the Empire and of Roman life and religion.
The tax levied, called stamp duty, was first devised in the Netherlands in 1624 after a public competition to find a new form of tax.
Speed ​​is an Okinawan female song/dance group consisting of Hiroko Shimabukuro, Eriko Imai, Takako Uehara and Hitoe Arakaki.
The Currituck Beach Light is a lighthouse located on the Outer Banks in Corolla, North Carolina.
Roman Giertych comes from a prominent family of Polish politicians, being a son of Maciej Giertych and a grandson of J drzej Giertych.
LINE -LRB- combat system -RRB-, a martial arts system
The ten-day event, which bills itself as the greatest outdoor spectacle on Earth, attracts more than a million visitors a year and features the world's largest rodeo, parade, midway, sideshows on stage, concerts, agricultural competitions, wagon races and First Nations Expositions.
After several near misses, Anand won the FIDE World Chess Championship in 2000 for the first time after beating Alexei Shirov 3 Â 1\/2 â '' 0 Â 1\/2 in the final match held in Tehran , becoming the first Indian to win this title.
They are a pair of thick folds of mucous membrane that protect and sit slightly above the more delicate true folds.
According to the 1996 census, the department has a total population of 44,668.
The Apache License is a free software license created by Apache Software Foundation -LRB-ASF-RRB- .
The FCW Florida Tag Team Championship was also introduced in February, with Puerto Rican nightmares -LRB- Eddie Colín and Eric Párez -RRB- defeating Steven Lewington and Heath Miller to win it in the finals of a one-night tournament.
State Road A1A is a Florida State Road that runs primarily along the Atlantic Ocean, with sections running from Key West to the southern tip of Florida, to Callahan just south of Georgia.
The following artists have all had recordings on Kingdom Records:
Corte has become a major university town in Corsica since the reopening of Pasquale Paoli University in the 1980s.
Pure manganese used for the production of iron-free alloys is produced by leaching manganese ore with sulfuric acid and a subsequent electrowinning process.
Soon Miss Bianca and Bernard attract the attention of Medusa's alligators, Brutus and Nero.
Example given by both Scholes -LRB-/O1977/O-RRB- and Lloyd -LRB-/O1969/O-RRB- The International Folk Music Board definition allows the term '' to also apply to music that originated with an individual composer and was then absorbed into the unwritten and living tradition of a community.
On November 29, 1947, the plan was submitted to the vote of the United Nations General Assembly.
This process slows microbial growth in food.
The winner, Vecepia Towery, was revealed on May 19, 2002, where she defeated Neleh Dennis by a vote of 4-3.
The system was named Tropical Depression Six on August 5, and the system slowly moved over Mexico and dissipated on August 6, never reaching tropical storm strength.
In 1967, Steve Fossen formed The Army with Roger Fisher on guitar, Don Wilhelm on guitar, keyboards and vocals, Ray Schaefer on drums.
As the gas expands to expel the payload, only a little propellant evaporates inside the canister to maintain even pressure.
In the ancient Egyptian language, the Nile is called á `pÄ' or iteru, meaning 'great river', represented by the hieroglyphs indicated on the left -LRB- literally itrw, and determinative 'waters' -RRB- In Coptic, the words piaro -LRB- sahidic -RRB- or phiaro -LRB- bohairic -RRB- meaning ''the river'' -LRB- bed.
After renouncing the title of Patriarch of the West in 2006, Pope Benedict XVI renamed these basilicas from ''Patriarchal Basilicas'' to ''Papal Basilicas''.
-- CODATA report
The ''E'' prefix is ​​omitted in Australia and New Zealand.
The play was staged at the Theater Royal Haymarket in London and focused on the trial of a suspected murderer from start to finish.
The 1919 legislature decided that the design of the seal should no longer vary, and the design is still used today.
During his early years, Wesley had enjoyed a deep religious experience.
Thus, cities formed communes, a legal basis for transforming cities into self-governing societies. If in most cases the development of the communes is linked to that of the cities, there are rural communes, notably in France and England, which are formed to protect the common interests of the villagers.
1900 & ndash; Wolfgang Ernst Pauli, Austrian-born physicist, Nobel laureate -LRB- d. 1958 -RRB-
In 1994, she released her second album ''Ben Böyle A k Görmedim'' -LRB- I Did't See Love like This -RRB- and the album included a 1994 hit with its video, ''Geceler Kara Tren' '-LRB- ''The Nights are Dark Train'' -RRB- .
The Montreal Canadiens upset the heavily favored Boston Bruins two games to nil for the Stanley Cup.
Charleval is a commune in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in southern France.
However, an extension to the USB standard specification called USB On-The-Go -LRB- the capitalization quirk is deliberate -RRB- allows a single port to act as either a host or a device - chosen by which end of the cable goes plug into the socket on the device.
Eisenach is a city in Thuringia, Germany.
benches, bollards, mailboxes, telephone booths, lampposts, traffic lights, traffic signs, bus stops, trash cans, tram stops, taxi ranks, public restrooms, fountains, drinking troughs and memorials and garbage cans.
.
Several of his novels, including The Count of Monte Cristo, The Three Musketeers, Twenty Years After, and The Viscount of Bragelonne were originally serialized.
The cathedral contains the oldest functioning clock in the world -LRB- dating from 1386 AD -RRB- and has one of the four original copies of the Magna Carta -LRB-, the four original copies are in England -RRB-.
He was a member of a three-time Stanley Cup-winning team, all with the Canadiens.
They are also the only Scottish side to have won two European trophies, both in the same year. Although they appeared in the Scottish Cup and Scottish League Cup finals, both in 2000, they have not won a trophy since 1995.
Beaumont-Pied-de-Boeuf is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays-de-la-Loire region in northwestern France.
Model
On June 3 at One Night Stand, Lashley defeated Vince McMahon in a street fight to win the ECW World Championship for a second reign despite interference from Shane McMahon and Umaga in the match, making Lashley the first man to win. the ECW World Championship twice since. WWE reactivated the title.
At around 10 p.m., long after Hitler had signed and issued the invasion order, Göring and Hitler gave up the wait and issued a forged telegram containing a request from the Austrian government for German troops to enter Austria.
Evolutionary biology of parasites.
The wingspan is the width of a human hand, from the tip of the thumb to the tip of the little finger.
In 2007, the municipality of Llivia had a total population of 1,388 inhabitants.
A battalion is a military unit of approximately 300 to 1,300 soldiers, usually made up of two to seven companies and usually commanded by a lieutenant colonel or a colonel.
BBC Radio 5 Live Sports Extra is an additional digital radio service provided by the BBC via DAB Digital Radio and digital satellite, digital terrestrial, IPTV and digital cable television services in the United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland.
In the study of the phenomena of transport -LRB- heat transfer, mass transfer and fluid dynamics -RRB- , flux is defined as the quantity that passes through a unit area per unit time Flux in this definition is a vector .
The rapid intensification continued that afternoon and Bertha developed into a major hurricane with winds of 125 mph -LRB- 205 km/h -RRB- and a well-defined eye.
Soon, apparently thanks to Elizabeth's uncle, Lydia and Wickham are reunited and married.
A bass-baritone is a low or 'classic' baritone voice that shares some qualities with the true type of baritone voice.
See also Wikipedia: Manual of Style -LRB- lists of works -RRB- .
The politically active social movement of the Christian Right includes individuals from a wide variety of conservative theological beliefs, ranging from mainstream movements within Baptist, Mormon, and Calvinist organizations to groups within Lutheranism, Calvinism, and Catholicism that are more theologically conservative than the denominations as such. together .
Keyshia Miesha Cole -LRB- born October 15, 1981 -RRB- better known by her stage name, Keyshia Cole is an American artist and producer.
It became extratropical on September 14.
Pisano is sometimes considered the founder of modern sculpture.
It borders on the municipalities of Ellezelles -LRB- to the west -RRB- and Lessines -LRB- to the east -RRB- in the same province and Brakel in the province of East Flanders, on the other side of the linguistic border.
Eni SpA is an Italian multinational oil and gas company, present in 70 countries, and currently the largest industrial company in Italy with a market capitalization of 87.7 billion euros -LRB- 138 billion US dollars -RRB-, as of July 24, 2008.
The great friendliness and childlike simplicity of his character are well evidenced in his Journal et correspondence -LRB-Paris, 1872 -RRB-.
Customs such as Christmas log, Christmas goat, Christmas boar, Christmas carol and others derive from Yule.
Characters Mowgli - Main character, the young jungle boy.
Hans Luther -LRB- March 10, 1879 - May 11, 1962 -RRB- was a German politician and Chancellor of Germany.
Yenisei -LRB- -RRB- is the largest river system flowing into the Arctic Ocean, and at 5,539 km -LRB- 3,445 mi -RRB- is the fifth longest river in the world.
An insulin pump is an alternative to multiple daily insulin injections via an insulin syringe or insulin pen and provides intensive insulin therapy when used in conjunction with blood glucose monitoring and carbohydrate counting.
The island was referred to as B nláng Yù -LRB-, -RRB- in the navigational designs used by Admiral Zheng He of Ming Dynasty China on his expeditions to the South Seas in the 15th century.
The population was 510 at the 2000 census.
Lopholistriodon
Book History Institute , 2004 .
The historic city of al-Mansura is located about 19 km southeast of Shahdadpur.
Usually, each character in the keystream is either added, subtracted, or XORed with a character from the plaintext to produce the ciphertext, using modular arithmetic.
The monarchy was most powerful in the 17th century and during the reign of Louis XIV of France.
Joseph Haydn and Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart are among the central figures of the classical period.
The absence of New South Wales, the largest colony, also diminished its representative value.
In particular, the Hungarian rulers requested and obtained the coronation of the Emperor as King of Hungary, and the re-establishment of a separate parliament in Budapest with the power to enact laws for the Hungarian crown lands.
It is located at 34° 11' 40N 73° 21' 50E and has an average elevation of 2176 meters -LRB- 7142 feet -RRB- above sea level.
Dissé-sous-Ballon is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in northwestern France.
The aeons are divided into eras, which are further divided into periods, epochs and ages.
The video features a couple -LRB- played by actors Dominic Monaghan and Megan Fox -RRB- in a love-hate relationship.
The Flaming Gorge Dam towers 502f above the Green River.
On November 1, 1755, Lisbon, the largest city and capital of the Portuguese Empire, was strongly shaken by an earthquake that killed thousands of people and destroyed much of the city.
The sources of most GRBs are billions of light years from Earth, implying that the explosions are both extremely energetic -LRBs- a typical burst releases as much energy in seconds as the Sun will throughout its lifetime of 10 billion years -RRB- and extremely rare -LRB- a few per galaxy per million years -RRB-.
The killer whale -LRB- Orcinus orca -RRB-, commonly called orca, and less commonly the blackfish, is a toothed whale belonging to the family of oceanic dolphins.
Programming languages ​​define the syntax and sematics of computer programs.
Track listing Hybrid Theory staff Chester Bennington - vocals Rob Bourdon - drums Kyle Christener - bass guitar Brad Delson - lead guitar Joe Hahn - turntable, samples Mike Shinoda - vocals, MC, keyboards, rhythm guitarist Production Produced by Mike Shinoda.
The slang name "garden blueberry" -LRB- Solanum melanocerasum -RRB- is not considered a true blueberry but a member of the nightshade family.
To make a line optional, use a parameter that defaults to an empty string, like this:
Baden-Powell wrote the Principles of Scouting in Scouting for Boys -LRB- London, 1908 -RRB-, based on his earlier military books, with the influence and support of Frederick Russell Burnham -LRB- Chief of Scouts in British Africa -RRB-, Ernest Thompson Seton of the Woodcraft Indians, William Alexander Smith of the Boys' Brigade and his publisher Pearson.
He was the eldest son of Afanasiy Bulgakov, an assistant professor at the kyiv Theological Academy.
It also features voice work from Sinbad, Carla Gugino, Tisha Campbell-Martin, Adam Goldberg, Al Michaels, Tommy Lasorda and Bob Uecker.
Shaun of the Dead is a 2004 British horror comedy film directed by Edgar Wright, starring Simon Pegg and Nick Frost, and written by Pegg and Wright.
Also, some people with color blindness have an easier time distinguishing problematic colors on artificial materials, such as plastic or acrylic paints, than on natural materials, such as paper or wood.
Slovak and Irons still considered the Red Hot Chili Peppers a side project and so they stopped focusing on What Is This?
Several radioactive substances are considered carcinogens, but their carcinogenic activity is attributed to the radiation, for example gamma rays and alpha particles, that they emit.
' is the working designation for an object seen orbiting Saturn just beyond the outer strand of the F ring on June 21 , 2004 .
1967 & ndash; Over sixty nations sign the Outer Space Treaty banning nuclear weapons in space.
Cheriennes is a French commune in the department of Pas-de-Calais in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region.
The rainfall caused flooding along the Yaque del Norte river and initially there appeared to be a threat of the Tavera dam breaking along the river, potentially killing thousands of people in Santiago province.
Residents of Gwangju resisted with arms, arming themselves with stolen weapons and military jeeps.
Traditionally, neuroscience has been considered a branch of biological sciences.
Myxobolus cerebralis is a myxosporian parasite of salmonids -LRB-, salmon, trout and their allies -RRB- which causes giddiness in farmed salmon and trout as well as wild fish populations.
C17, replaced Latin as long-lasting standard Authorized King James Version For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.
The equator is the only line of latitude that is also a great circle.
In 1946 he moved to Milnerton, Cape Town, South Africa, with his wife Vera de Villiers.
Despite his brief stint at Tiffin, Ivory's performance and speed caught the attention of NFL scouts, and it was thought he had a chance to become Tiffin's first player to be drafted by the NFL. The Saints were interested in Ivory, despite his injuries. after one of their scouts was impressed by Walkosky's enthusiastic recommendations.
The Center has two book series titled ''Danish Urban Studies'' and ''Danish Urban History Writings'' with books and articles on Danish urban history from medieval times to the present day .
Barlin is a commune and the seat of a canton of the department of Pas-de-Calais in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in France.
The collections contain over 150 million specimens, of which only a small fraction may be on display at any given time.
It is generally considered a super-order, with Isoptera, Blattaria, and Mantodea being its three orders.
The cut stones from the fortress were used to build the Pont de la Concorde.
Touët-de-l'Escarène is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France.
This is not a minor inconvenience, as security checkpoints -LRB- manned by ''pols'' and ''nats'', the police and the National Guard -RRB- are set up throughout the city to stop and arrest anyone without a valid ID.
Prion diseases are extremely rare.
Diatomyidae are a family of hystricomorphic and sciurognathic rodents found in Asia.
Balnot-sur-Laignes is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.
Muslims believe that many prophets have existed, many of which are not mentioned in the Quran. The Quran itself refers to at least four other prophets but does not name them.
Gabrielle also fights warriors with notable skill; she defeats the warrior Mavican and stands against Ares and Hades -LRB- two gods -RRB- in battle for some time, before defeating her.
A pinfall is achieved by obtaining a decision in any way, normally consisting of a pinfall, submission, countout, or disqualification.
Concept and Creation Background The Lord of the Rings began as a sequel to JRR Tolkien's earlier work, The Hobbit, published in 1937.
They are mainly composed of Ca-poor pyroxene, pigeonite and Ca-rich plagioclase-LRB-anorthite-RRB-.
The England cricket team -LRB- -RRB- is the cricket team that represents England and Wales.
This family contains more than 35,000 described species of phytophagous beetles.
Dudu Cearense, whose real name is Alexandro Silva de Sousa, -LRB- born April 15, 1983 in Fortaleza, Cearà -RRB- is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Olympiakos.
The two were content for a time, but Susano'o, the storm god, became restless and went on a rampage destroying his sister's rice paddies, threw a flayed pony at his loom and killed the one of his servants in a fit of anger. rage .
Its name in Ossetian transliterate -LRB- in ISO 9 system -RRB- as Respublikæ Cægat Iryston - Alani.
On Michelle's MySpace page, she says her favorite musicians are Stevie Nicks, Peaches and Eminem, but she dislikes Keane and James Blunt.
The term Watts Riots of 1965 refers to a large scale riot that lasted 6 days in the Watts neighborhood of Los Angeles, California in August 1965.
Chouy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France.
Previously, she served as Second Lady of the United States from 1981 to 1989.
Côte-Nord -LRB- French for ''North Shore'', area 247,627.06 km, or 95,609.34 square miles -RRB- is the second largest administrative region by area in Quebec, Canada, after Nord-du -Quebec.
The third edition of the Textus Receptus of the Bible is published.
May Queen or May Queen is a term that has two separate but related meanings, as a mythical figure and as a personification of the holiday.
After numerous complaints of widespread cheating, the top four were disqualified by the French Cycling Union.
This more powerful force is mediated by particles called gluons.
The film is based on Katherine Paterson's novel of the same name and distributed by Walt Disney Pictures in the United States.
Cope introduced his colleague to marl pit owner Albert Vorhees when the two visited the site.
Cabidos is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in southwestern France.
He is one of the most prolific Scandinavian jazz musicians of his generation.
Gammer -LRB- real name Matt Lee -RRB- is a British producer and DJ of hardcore and Hard Dance.
Odilon Redon -LRB- pronounced o dee lawn r` dawn -RRB- was born in Bordeaux, Aquitaine, to a prosperous family.
Energy becomes available to increase thermal energy -LRB- temperature -RRB- only after enough hydrogen bonds are broken for the ice to be considered liquid water.
Jones, B. et al. , Politics UK , -LRB-/O2004/O-RRB- They were created in 1974 and are each divided into several metropolitan districts.
Government approvals were granted for construction of the Island Line in December 1980.
Archaeologists have also found gold from Panama in the sacred cenote of Chichen Itza.
Much of the theology of the Seventh-day Adventist Church corresponds to gospel teachings such as the Trinity and the infallibility of Scripture.
Festieux is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France.
Definition of flux and theorems Flux is the rate of surface bombardment.
The following is a partial list of characters from the Adventures in Odyssey radio show.
After many defeats and the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, the Empire of Japan surrendered to the Allies on September 2, 1945.
The period saw vast achievements in architecture, Tamil literature, sculpture and bronze work, quasi-democratic reforms, maritime conquests and trade.
The stones were erected at some point during the Neolithic period, probably around 3300 BC. AD, but some may date to as old as 4500 BC.
In a philosophical context, it can designate the Universe, everything that constitutes reality.
The koda Superb is a large family car mainly built by the Czech car manufacturer koda Auto as its flagship car.
However, there is no change in the underlying DNA sequence of the organism; instead, non-genetic factors cause the organism's genes to behave -LRB- or "express" -RRB- differently.
Georges Auric -LRB- February 15, 1899 - July 23, 1983 -RRB- was a French composer, born in Lodève, Hérault.
Richard Kieckhefer-LRB-/O1989/O-RRB- .
Pretty Little Devils is a 2008 American live-action black comedy film directed by Irving Rothberg.
Singaporeans are particularly encouraged to do so on occasions of national celebration or national significance.
La Bazoge-Montpinçon is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France.
In 2001, he followed in his father's footsteps and joined Rennes.
The construction of the Bahrain Circuit was a national goal for Bahrain, initiated by the Crown Prince, Shaikh Salman bin Hamad Al Khalifa.
The electric eel or temblador -LRB- Electrophorus electricus -RRB-, is an electric fish, and the only species of the genus Electrophorus.
Nojima partially or completely wrote the stories for Final Fantasy VII, Final Fantasy VIII, Final Fantasy X, and Final Fantasy X-2.
The name Runnymede is commonly used now to refer to National Trust land in the Thames floodplain to the south-west of the river between Old Windsor and Egham.
A gas syringe, also known as a glass collection bottle, is a piece of laboratory glassware used to insert or remove a volume of gas from a closed system, or to measure the volume of gas given off by a chemical reaction .
Short appearances by celebrities, directors, politicians, athletes, musicians, or even characters from other works of fiction are common.
For much of the 1990s, as the SPD languished in the opinion polls, Fischer was singled out by his admirers as the "real" Leader of the Opposition.
For the ''general public''; this book contains over 200 color prints with commentary on each site where the photos were taken; the organization begins with the oldest art and goes up to modern times.
The novel begins with Lord Henry Wotton watching artist Basil Hallward paint a portrait of a handsome young man named Dorian Gray.
In 1992 another world tour followed with former Dio and Whitesnake guitarist Vivian Campbell joining the band, but the band's fortunes began to be affected by the rise of alternative rock, including grunge.
The purpose of the service is to provide primary and emergency medical care to people who cannot access hospitals or general practitioners.
Ogden's Grammar Rules for Basic English help people use the 850 words to talk about things and events in a normal way.
Its capital and largest city is Vilnius.
Today, the most visible evidence of the Nasrids is the palace complex of the Alhambra built during their reign.
They range in size from the Pygmy Cormorant -LRB- Phalacrocorax pygmaeus -RRB- , to as little as 45 cm -LRB- 18 in -RRB- and 340 g -LRB- 12 oz -RRB- , to the Flightless Cormorant -LRB- Phalacrocorax harrisi -RRB- , to a maximum size of 100 cm -LRB- 40 in -RRB- and 5 kg -LRB- 11 lb -RRB- .
Kathleen Babineaux Blanco -LRB- born December 15, 1942 -RRB- was the 54th Governor of Louisiana, having served from January 2004 to January 2008.
5 × Galloping Gobbler Prize
Pandora's box is an artifact of Greek mythology, taken from the Pandora creation myth around line 60 of Hesiod's Labors and Days. The ''box'' was in fact a large jar -LRB- Ï Î Î Î Ï pithos -RRB- offered to Pandora -LRB- Î Î Î 1\/2 Î Ï Ï Î -RRB- -LRB- ''all - gifted ''-RRB-, which contained all the evils of the world.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of ​​9.1 km2 -LRB- 3.5 mi2 -RRB-.
These units are part of Alstom's Juniper family of units, which also includes the 334 and 460 classes.
James returned the title to Melina, giving her the shortest Women's Championship reign in WWE history.
Opera has a built-in IRC client.
Ingo Rechenberg -LRB- born January 20, 1934 in Berlin -RRB- is a German computer scientist and professor.
Williams was drafted 3rd overall in the 2005 draft by the Utah Jazz, for whom he played before being traded midway through his sixth season to the Nets.
Instead, he was more interested in his career in physical education, receiving an honorary master's degree in physical education in 1910, patrolling the Mexican border for four months in 1916 during World War I, traveling in France, publishing two books -LRB - ''A Modern College'' in 1911 and ''Essence of a Healthy Life'' in 1918 -RRB- and took American citizenship in 1925 .
Vampires Suck was released on August 18, 2010 in the United States and Russia, August 26 in Australia, and will be released on October 15 in the United Kingdom.
The population in 2008 was 1.71 million and it is the eighth most populous city in Brazil according to data from the Brazilian Institute of Geography and Statistics, IBGE.
The film is a midquel, with the story set in the middle of Disney's original Bambi, with the Great Prince of the Forest battling the now motherless Bambi.
The smaller western part of the municipality includes Rue du Bailli\/Baljuwstraat and extends approximately from Avenue Louise to Avenue Brugmann\/Brugmannlaan.
He established the teaching method ''Lernen durch Lehren'' -LRB- learning by teaching -RRB-, a method for students to learn by teaching their peers.
Grindelwald is a municipality in the district of Interlaken in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.
Cicero was assassinated on the Appian Way outside the city in 43 BC. AD, and his tomb remains a minor tourist destination.
Its adherents, the Mandaeans, revere Adam, Abel, Seth, Enosh, Noah, Shem, Aram and especially John the Baptist.
The Doctrines and Practice of Nichiren Shoshu The previous era ended and a new one began in Sh ka 3 .
Despite its short run, the series had two weekly installments for most of its tenure, giving the show a total of 120 episodes -LRB- the equivalent of about five regular seasons -RRB-.
Ricky Martin -LRB- born Enrique Martín Morales on December 24, 1971 -RRB- is a Puerto Rican pop singer and actor who rose to prominence, first as a member of the Latin boyband Menudo, then as a solo artist since 1991.
Eight municipalities -LRB-Atter, Pye, Hellern, Nahne, Voxtrup, Darum, Gretesch and Lüstringen -RRB- were merged into the city of Osnabrück in the same year.
In an effort to avoid the sentimental image of the "Aunt Jane" tradition and approach Austen fiction from a new angle, in 1917 British intellectual and travel writer Reginald Farrer published a lengthy essay in the journal quarterly that Austen scholar A. Walton Litz calls the best single introduction to her fiction.
Hartman was born in Highland Park, Michigan to Elmer Earl Hartman III and Carol Davis.
It is used, alongside the Gregorian calendar, by the India Gazette, All India Radio news bulletins and calendars and communications issued by the Government of India.
Oxygen was independently discovered by Carl Wilhelm Scheele, in Uppsala, in 1773 or earlier, and Joseph Priestley in Wiltshire, in 1774, but Priestley often takes precedence because his publication came out first.
Gaye began working on her final duet album, this time with Diana Ross for the Diana & Marvin Project, a duet album which began recording in 1972, when Ross was pregnant with her second child, Tracee Ellis Ross.
The southern range begins in the southwest of the Dominican Republic as the Sierra de Bahoruco and extends west into Haiti as the Massif de la Selle and Massif de la Hotte, which form the mountainous spine of the southern peninsula of Haiti.
A pinhole camera is a simple camera with no lens and only one small opening - basically a light-tight box with a small hole in one side.
Fayetteville -LRB- formerly Washington -RRB- is a city in and the county seat of Washington County, Arkansas, United States, and home to the University of Arkansas.
Its headquarters are in Paris, rue du Commandant Mouchotte.
The Berwickshire News is still published weekly, and many organizations and groups have retained Berwickshire in their -LRB- titles ie: Berwickshire Housing Association, Berwickshire Sports Council -RRB-.
Néstor Pipo Gorosito started his playing career at River Plate, he had 3 spells at San Lorenzo where he scored 72 goals in 241 appearances.
A modern inner road course was constructed between 1998 and 2000, incorporating the western and southern portions of the oval -LRB-, including the south-west bend -RRB- to create a 2.605m track.
Plant stem, the structures above ground that have vascular tissue and that support leaves and flowers See also similar:
Beerangali Union Council Ethnically, the two main tribes are the Karlal or “Kiraal” and the Quraishi.
The idea that art should examine its own nature was already a powerful aspect of influential art critic -RRB- Clement Greenberg's -LRB- vision of modern art in the 1950s.
Hera then sent a gadfly -LRB- Greek oistros, compares oestrus -RRB- -RRB- to stinging Io as she roamed the earth.
