the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a militia group made up of afro-arab abbala tribes in northern rizeigat region , form one side of the conflict in sudan .
jeddah is the gateway to mecca , which all able-bodied muslims are required to visit once in their lifetime .
scientists believe the great dark spot is a hole in neptune's methane cloud deck.
his next work , saturday , is about a day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula , the trickster , spun a black cord around the ball and pulled it quickly eastward with all his strength .
he died six weeks later on 13 january 888 .
the people of the bismarck archipelago share cultural similarities with those of coastal papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the winner of the kate greenaway medal has also received the colin mears award worth £5000 .
after the drummers come the dancers , who may play the sogo and have more complex — even acrobatic — moves .
the spacecraft consists of two main elements : the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe .
alessandro mazzola is an italian former football player born on 8 november 1942 .
it was thought that the collision debris filled the smaller craters .
graham went to wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 and graduated with a ba in anthropology .
the bzö is different from the freedom party , as it supports a referendum about the lisbon treaty but not an eu-withdrawal .
many species had disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century due to european settlement .
in 1987 wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame .
in its pure form , dextromethorphan is a white powder .
it is hard to get into tsinghua .
nrc is now an independent , private foundation .
the island of rügen is located on the coast of the baltic sea and it encloses the city of stralsund .
sports illustrated named him " sportsman of the year " in 1982 .
fives is a british sport with similar origins to many racquet sports .
for example , on king bhumibol's birthday , thailand will be decorated with yellow .
in 2007 , the national museum of scotland replaced both the royal museum and the museum of scotland .
tagore imitated many styles, such as craftwork from northern new ireland, haida carvings from british columbia, and woodcuts by max pechstein.
on october 14 , 1960 , john f. kennedy proposed the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she performed for president reagan in 1988 , as part of the " great performances at the white house " series , which aired on pbs .
perry saturn and terri won the wwf european championship when saturn pinned eddie guerrero after a diving elbow drop .
she and her husband returned to france in 1927 .
voyager 2 discovered despina in late july , 1989 .
the first italian grand prix was held on 4 september 1921 in brescia .
he wrote two collections of short stories : the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
the voyager 2 images show ophelia as an elongated object , pointing towards uranus .
the british decided to kill him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in western australia between the south australian border and caiguna do not follow western australian time .
small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to make mosaics and inlays for architectural decoration .
other cities incorporated on the palos verdes peninsula include rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
clank asks ratchet to help him find captain qwark , so they can stop drek from destroying the galaxy .
it is not a real louse .
he promotes a user-centered design process in product development and works to make interaction design a well-known discipline .
it is possible that editors, who reported you, and the administrator who blocked you, are conspiring against someone they've never met.
working group i : evaluates the scientific aspects of climate change and the climate system .
the hebrides are separated from the scottish mainland and inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch , and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife had a daughter , alanna marie , on july 12 , 2008 .
the minor planet center of the iau assigns formal minor planet designations .
wind shear began to increase on september 30 and caused the storm to weaken .
each entry contains a datum  a nugget of data  that is a copy of the datum in a backing store .
so , when attending a mosque , both men and women must follow the rules , even if the mosque does not enforce them .
brian jacques published mariel of redwall in 1991 .
ryan prosser  born 10 july , 1988  plays rugby union professionally for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
like earlier assessment reports , this one includes four reports , three from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics, and their grandson pierre joliot is a biochemist .
this stamp was the standard letter stamp during the rest of queen victoria 's reign , and many were printed .
the international fight league was an american mma promotion that was marketed as the world's first mma league .
giardia lamblia  also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis  is a protozoan parasite that can cause giardiasis when it colonises and reproduces in the small intestine .
cameron has often acted in Christian-themed movies , such as " left behind : the movie ", " left behind ii : tribulation force " and " left behind : world at war ", where he plays cameron " buck " williams .
this was the area east of the vistula river , sometimes called " prussia proper " .
after graduation he returned to yerevan and taught at the conservatory ; he was later made artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the gospel of matthew and luke .
weelkes was later reprimanded by chichester cathedral authorities for his drinking and bad behaviour .
so far , celebrities who have appeared on ' celebrity ' episodes include vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
stephen p. synnott discovered it in images from the voyager 1 space probe which was orbiting jupiter on march 5 , 1979 .
gomaespuma was a spanish radio show , hosted by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser .
on 16 june 2009 , the band announced the official release date of the resistance on their website .
he is also a member of the jungiery boyband 183 club .
hippolytus wrote that early christians sang hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain at agape feasts .
in return , rollo swore fealty to charles , converted to christianity , and promised to protect northern france from other viking groups .
it is based on voice of america  voa  special english .
disney was given a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones by 10-year-old shirley temple .
the first asteroid discovered by a spacecraft was it .
hinterrhein is an administrative district in graubünden , switzerland .
the bohemian switzerland is located in the czech republic .
this causes confusion when 220  1,048,576  bytes is called 1 mb  megabyte  instead of 1 mib .
the incident has been studied to evaluate ethics in scholarship .
animals are castrated to make them more docile or help them gain weight quickly .
seventh sons have special magical abilities , and seventh sons of seventh sons are both rare and powerful .
benchmarking by passmark software shows that the 2009 version of the software has a 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory utilization .
volterra is in the tuscany region of italy .
until recently , it was thought that itch and pain were the same , but research has revealed that they have both similarities and differences .
the tongue is sticky due to glycoprotein-rich mucous , which lubricates movement and helps to catch ants and termites .
the same tram had derailed in starr gate loop during trials on 30 may 2006 .
statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson are outside the ground, since both were former ipswich town and england managers .
calculate the square root of the variance .
volunteers provided food , blankets , water , toys , massages , and a live rock band for the people at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department of pays-de-la-loire in france .
if land use is not regulated , buildings can be constructed along a bypass , making it just as congested as the local roads it was meant to replace .
it is also a base for exploring cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises often cause pain but are usually not life-threatening .
no one connected to wikipedia can be held responsible for how information from its pages is used .
george frideric handel worked as kapellmeister for the elector of hanover , who later became george i of great britain .
their eyes are small and they have poor vision .
chitin is the only material that rivals silk in its toughness .
oregano is essential in greek cooking .
tickets can be bought for national rail services , the docklands light railway and with oyster cards .
he made and published his own works , whilst his bigger woodcuts were usually commissioned.
historians use the historical method to research and write history using primary sources and other evidence .
the weight of the continental icecap is believed to increase the oxygen concentration in lake vostok .
in 2000 , the population was 89,148 .
aliteracy  sometimes spelled alliteracy  is the state of being able to read but not wanting to .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used in medicine .
it will then sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
research has also found that children are less likely to report a crime when it involves someone they know , trust , and / or care about .
today , landis ' father is one of his biggest fans and supports him wholeheartedly .
after becoming a category 4 hurricane , the outer convection of the storm became ragged .
the equilibrium wage for a certain type of labor is the price .
they believed the grounds were haunted , so they published a book under pseudonyms about their discoveries : an adventure  1911 .
he moved to london and focused on teaching practical skills .
brunstad has fast food restaurants , a cafeteria-style restaurant , a coffee bar , and a grocery store .
he left 11,000 troops to guard the conquered region .
in 1438 trevi became part of the legation of perugia , and then it was part of the states of the church , until 1860 when it became part of the united kingdom of italy .
the depression moved inland on the 20th and dissipated over brazil the next day , causing heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was a law enforcement agency from 1952 to 1995 .
the current members of the band are flynn  vocals , guitar  , duce  bass  , phil demmel  guitar  , and dave mcclain  drums  .
countries with a minority muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries to use mosques to encourage civic participation .
the characters are variations of pete and dud who curse a lot .
johan was the original bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but he left before they released an album .
in 1998 , culver won the election for iowa secretary of state .
in 1990 , mark messier won the hart trophy over ray bourque by two votes , due to a single first-place vote .
shade's impulsive decision to break the law sets off a chain of events that destroys his colony's home, forcing them to migrate prematurely, and separating him from them.
the female counterpart of a son is a daughter .
in april 1999 , he was diagnosed with cancer that could not be operated on .
before the storm , the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds on the outer banks .
speed chess is the form of chess played , with twelve minutes for each competitor for the entire game .
the amazon basin is the area of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
two former presidents were later charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in a 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
moderate to severe damage spread along the atlantic coast and reached as far as west virginia .
these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies because the owner is usually unaware of them .
a wave formed into a tropical depression off the northern coast of haiti on september 13 after traveling across the atlantic .
the associated press stylebook is updated annually .
the four canonical gospels are matthew , mark , luke and john , likely written between ad 65 and 100 .
since the 1800s , eschelbronn is famous for its furniture manufacturing industry .
the upper half looks like the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
neptune 's cirrus clouds are made of frozen methane , unlike earth's clouds which are made of ice crystals .
until they reach legal adulthood , their participation is limited .
stable releases of the software are rare , but there are often subversion snapshots which are reliable .
in 1482 the order sent him to florence , the ‘ city of his destiny ’ .
during the soviet era , the bolsheviks destroyed two important cathedrals in rostov - st alexander nevsky cathedral  1908  and st george cathedral in nakhichevan  1783-1807  .
he passed away on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , spain and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .
stanley l. miller and harold c. urey demonstrated this in the 1953 miller-urey experiment .
cogeneration  also combined heat and power , chp  is the use of an engine or power station to generate both electricity and heat .
sometimes the male " den master " allows another male into the den , but the purpose is unknown .
wikipedia gadgets are snippets of javascript and / or css that can be enabled from the wikipedia preferences .
here are some useful links to help you get involved .
he was the prime minister of egypt between 1945 and 1948 .
when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland , she was left behind  ( reasons vary ) .
james i made him a gentleman of the chapel royal , where he was an organist until his death in 1615 .
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and was not sure if he would accept it .
later , esperanto speakers began to consider the language and its culture as valuable in itself , regardless of whether it is adopted by international organizations like the united nations .
dry air weakened the deep convection of the cyclone by early september 12 .
calvin baker is a novelist from the United States.
eva braun , also known as eva hitler , was adolf hitler's companion and wife from 1912 to 1945 .
each version of the license has a unique number .
most irc servers do not require users to register an account , but they must set a nickname to be connected .
in that year , he also became the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
summerslam  2009  is a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by wwe that will happen on august 23 , 2009 in los angeles .
usually portrayed as bald with long whiskers , he is believed to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
some animals can change color with their environment , either seasonally  ermine , snowshoe hare  or quickly with chromatophores  cephalopod family  .
val venis won a steel cage match against rikishi and kept the wwf intercontinental championship ; venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit him with a tv camera .
this is similar to the unix philosophy of having multiple programs that each do one thing well and working together through common interfaces .
his mother , larue , was an administrative assistant and singer , and his father , keith brion , was a band director at yale .
mennonites have large populations in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states , and smaller communities in at least 51 countries across six continents .
naas is a major " dublin suburb " , with many people living there and working in dublin .
acanthopholis had oval plates set into its skin , with spikes at the neck , shoulders and spine .
irmo was chartered on christmas eve in 1890 due to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
some bills , such as those proposed by the law commission or consolidation bills , start in the house of lords .
before his release in 1474 , vlad stayed with his wife in a house in budapest while planning to reconquer wallachia .
you may add a passage of up to five words to the front cover and up to 25 words to the back cover of the modified version .
he is buried in restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is the tissue found inside bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue due to the scattering of blue light being more effective than the scattering of red light .
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse department of the provence-alpes-côte d ' azur region of france .
macgruber attempts to make something to defuse the bomb using simple objects , but is often distracted by something from his personal life and runs out of time .
yvonne loriod completed the orchestration of messiaen's final movement with help from george benjamin .
shi ' a muslims rank karbala among their holiest cities , along with mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
the pad demanded that the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat resign , claiming they were proxies for thaksin .
traveling through remote areas requires advance planning and a suitable , reliable four wheel drive vehicle .
kahn was the chief architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he excuses himself and leaves with dr. schön for rehearsal .
britpop was a 1990s movement based on the british independent music scene , with bands inspired by 1960s and 1970s british guitar pop music .
these troops were added to battalions for xi international brigade .
the sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines , and shorter trains are used .
the capacity of the stadium is 98,772 , the largest in europe and the eleventh largest in the world .
in 1967 , ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by israel .
some articles are long and detailed , while others are shorter and of lower quality .
currently , there are 95 accepted species.
eugowra is said to mean " the place where the sand washes down the hill " in an indigenous australian language .
terms like " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are common in english .
the power to make laws and allocate resources is based on public international law , conflict of laws , and constitutional law .
he composed several pieces about hiawatha , such as the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is aracaju .
farrenc was paid less than her male colleagues for almost 10 years despite this .
gumbasia was made using kinesthetic film principles , a style taught by vorkapich .
mk sun grew up to be a lawyer , inspired by his idol brandon waise lee .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a township near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .
donaldson joined the australian army on 18 june 2002 .
prospectors from california , europe and china searched the peel river and mountain slopes .
before pocket calculators , the slide rule was the most common calculation tool in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option , and is thinner than its predecessor .
yoghurt is a dairy product made by bacterial fermentation of milk .
more defencemen are in the hall of fame than any other current position , with seventy-five members , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
many alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries , but none have been accepted by mainstream christian bodies .
the album was banned from many record stores across the country .
the legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
in late 2004 , suleman cut howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations due to his frequent talks about his move to sirius satellite radio.
in 2005 , wendy's opened twice as many canadian outlets as mcdonald's and by 2002 , their system-wide sales surpassed mcdonald's canadian operations .
in the movie fireproof , captain caleb holt  kirk cameron  is a firefighter in albany , georgia and follows the cardinal rule of all firemen : " never leave your partner behind " .
he won the presidential election on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the vote.
the plant is a living fossil .
in 1990 , she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia .
stravinsky thought of writing the ballet in 1913.
protests were suppressed throughout the nation .
in the 1850s and 1860s , offenbach's operettas , such as orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène , were very popular in france and the english-speaking world .
tang dynasty roof tiles with this symbol have been found near xian .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux was a french organist , pianist , composer , and pedagogue who lived from 1921 to 1968 .
the instrument was reportedly hard to control .
santa maria maggiore  st. mary the greater  is the oldest existing church in assisi .
radar observations show that the meteorite has a mostly iron-nickel composition .
monthly , railway gazette international is a business journal focusing on the railway , metro , light rail , and tram industries globally .
in 1988 , he was made a companion of honour  ch .
loèche is home to the onyx system , a swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small cardboard folder containing matches and having a striking surface on the outside .
she was one of the first doctors to condemn cigarette smoking around children and drug use by pregnant women .
defiantly , she vowed to never leave the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
graystripe's trilogy is a three volume oel manga series about his time away from thunderclan, from his capture in dawn until he returned in the sight.
syrians did not live in separate cities ; many of the immigrants who worked as peddlers could interact with americans every day. (Samovar & Porter, 1994, p. 84)
he was also known for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden metalwork furniture .
as a child , she had collapsed lungs twice , pneumonia multiple times , a ruptured appendix , and a tonsillar cyst .
dr. david lindenmeyer argues that the need for nest boxes shows that logging practices are not helping to conserve hollow-dependent species like leadbeater's possum.
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team from canada .
small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits with the same process used for transistors .
the term gribble was originally used to refer to the wood-boring species limnoria lignorum , described by rathke in 1799 .
wounds caused by a club are called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
after this , duns or lauder ran the county until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has landed a quadruple axel in competition yet .
the port jackson district commandant could use the telephone exchange to communicate with all military installations on the harbour .
even if someone enters the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying , there are still rules that must be followed .
it is described as having a pointed face and the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by how much useful work it can do in relation to how much time and resources it takes .
the volga has some of the world's largest reservoirs .
the crosier represents the monasteries in the region .
human skin can range from very dark brown to very pale pink .
with help from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , and a grant from the ford foundation , yunus incorporated the bank officially .
bremer announced plans to put saddam on trial , but had not yet decided how it would be conducted .
at the end of the regular season , representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association vote for the all-star team .
afghanistan is bordered by tajikistan , turkmenistan , uzbekistan , iran , pakistan and the people's republic of china .
nupedia was founded on march 9 , 2000 , by bomis , inc , a web portal company .
the design has key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule .
iain grieve  born 19 february , 1987 in jwaneng , botswana  is a back-rower for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
two other settlements near here are pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
in 1964 , murray gell-mann and george zweig proposed the quark model independently .
in 1938-39, a fourth golden garland ring was added to the column when it was moved to its current location.
west berlin had its own postal administration , which issued its own stamps until 1990 .
sandro botticelli painted the primavera in 1482 .
sydney is the capital and largest city of new south wales .
the most common polymer for this purpose is epoxy , but polyester , vinyl ester or nylon can also be used .
the name lives on as a brand for a related digital television channel , radio station , and website which are still active today .
when he was four-and-a-half years old he was left alone and had to survive on the streets of northern italy for the next four years .
stands were added behind each set of goals in the 1980s and 1990s as the stadium was modernized .
a town may still be called a market town, even if it does not hold a market, if it has the right to do so .
a bastion was built later on the eastern approaches .
on july 29, the battle of stiklestad in norway took place, where olav haraldsson lost and was killed .
some believe that the nkvd killed tresca as punishment for his criticism of the stalin regime of the soviet union .
this caused montenegro and serbia to become independent countries .
use html and css markup only when necessary .
schuschnigg denied reports of riots publicly .
addiscombe is a suburb in croydon , england.
constituent can also mean a citizen living in the area served by a politician, especially one who voted for the politician.
prunk is a member of institute of european history in mainz and a senior fellow at the center for european integration studies in bonn .
stallone had a cameo in the 2003 french movie taxi 3 as a passenger .
the crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the " hovercraft " and filmed the scene while driving on templin highway near santa clarita .
phelps et al published a book on the microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory the next year .
the wario land series is a platforming series that began with wario land : super mario land 3 , a spin-off of the super mario land series .
frédéric chopin wrote opus 57 , a berceuse for solo piano .
these attacks may have been psychological rather than physical .
a historian said that quinine's effectiveness allowed colonists to move into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa .
spectroscopic studies have also found evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , suggesting a stony surface composition .
she edited her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury and the moon have similar appearances : they are heavily cratered , have no natural satellites , and lack substantial atmospheres .
the town of baden lies in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
these areas are excellent habitats for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was under the rule of turkish and afghan governors from the delhi sultanate until the mughals arrived in 1608 .
the prime minister stays in office only if they have the support of the lower house .
for rowling , this scene is significant because it shows harry 's bravery and his selflessness and compassion in retrieving cedric 's corpse .
on june 1 , 1972 , three raf members - he , jan-carl raspe and holger meins - were arrested after a long shootout in frankfurt .
together , they created new music manchester , a group dedicated to modern music .
hurricane donna caused extreme damage in the upper florida keys , due to a storm surge of 18 to 20 feet .
meher baba's samadhi  tomb-shrine  is now located in this area , along with facilities and accommodations for pilgrims .
the collapsed dome of the main church has been fully restored.
in 2005 , meissner became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in a competition .
salem is a city in massachusetts , united states .
there are forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse .
saint martin is a tropical island in the northeast caribbean , about 186 miles east of puerto rico .
these pdfs cannot be shared without further manipulation if they include images .
in april 1862 , ben was arrested for taking part in an armed robbery with frank gardiner , on orders of inspector sir frederick pottinger .
on october 5 , parts of britain experienced heavy rain and flooding .
version 2009.1 has an usb installer that allows the user to create a live usb and save their configuration and personal data .
based on the parties' strength in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : fdp : 2 , cvp : 2 , sp : 2 , and svp : 1 .
a fee is the price one pays for services , such as an honorarium paid to a doctor or lawyer .
ohio state has twenty-one libraries on its columbus campus .
iceland and greenland accepted norway's overlordship , but scotland was able to repel a norse invasion and make a good peace agreement .
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in april 2000 , minix became free / open source software but other operating systems were more advanced .
the body of this species ranges in color from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and usually has dark brown spots on the limbs .
the britannica had a scottish origin , as indicated by its thistle logo , the symbol of scotland .
the warning issued on september 22 was extended southwards as jose intensified , and was canceled after landfall on september 23 .
the san diego union tribune reported in august 2003 that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders used mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards in the early stages of the war .
the latter provided audiences with the type of information that is now given by intertitles , and can help us to imagine what the film was like .
this is because assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as collateral to raise funds to finance industrial and commercial growth.
he escaped from sydney cove multiple times before he was shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan went to the police camp and demanded that they surrender .
the press thought that veeck's "midget-in-a-cake" promotional stunt before the second game was not as good as usual .
joss whedon stated in a video for charity equality now that " fray is not done , fray is coming back .
marvel comics publishes comics featuring mutant characters .
the sat reasoning test is a standardized test used for college admissions in the united states .
medieval geisslerlieder were penitential songs sung by flagellants in northern italy during times of civil unrest .
some reports indicate that certain factors increase the risk of paralysis and hallucinations .
he was sentenced to seven years in australia .
waugh writes that charles had been looking for love when he first met sebastian , and found a gateway to an enchanted garden , a metaphor which appears in the work.
her well-known friendship with grigori rasputin was also significant in her life .
the term dorsal means structures that are on or grow from the back side of an animal .
berzelius coined the term " protein " after mulder noticed that all proteins had the same empirical formula and might be one type of large molecule .
the gang hid for 16 months after the jerilderie raid to avoid capture .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in northwestern france .
the color of this varies from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 , the subway line was extended north from union station , and it ended at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , part of the commonwealth railways central australian line ran along the western side of the simpson desert .
it is situated on an old portage trail that went west to unalakleet through the mountains .
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia , sudden cardiac death , or both .
mesoamerica's largest sub-region , it covers a diverse landscape , from the mountainous sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google made the comic available on their site, google books, and their blog, alongside an explanation for the early release.
anyone can register a pedigree with the college , but any changes need to be checked and verified by official documents .
political economy was published in 1985 , but not widely adopted in classrooms .
he toured with the ipo in 1990 and again in 1994 , performing in the soviet union , china , and india .
austrian general mack surrendered his army to napoleon's grand army at ulm in the napoleonic wars , resulting in over 30,000 prisoners and 10,000 casualties for the austrians.
kano has long been the economic centre of northern nigeria and is known for its groundnut exports .
most south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages : kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu or tulu .
meteora won the band several awards and honors .
after a brief stand-off , the wwf cavalry attacked kane and jericho .
richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman wrote most of the songs .
in the 5th century slavs migrated to the area .
from 1900 to 1920 many new buildings were built at the university , including for the dental and pharmacy programs , chemistry , natural sciences , hill auditorium , a hospital , library , and two residence halls .
winchester is a city in illinois , united states .
the name arzashkun appears to be the assyrian version of an armenian name ending in -ka , formed from the proper name arzash, which is similar to arsene and arsissa - names given to part of lake van in ancient times .
she was chosen among the 15 candidates from a pool of 16,421 participants to appear on the tv show .
its episodes aired on the abc network from september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
the device can then be used in less demanding environments .
gimnasia hired francisco maturana and julio césar falcioni , but neither had much success .
brighton is a city in iowa , united states .
she was also in music videos , like " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24 1979 , glinde was granted its town charter to mark its 750th anniversary .
pauline returned in 1994's game boy remake of donkey kong, and later in mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006, but is now referred to as " mario 's friend ".
during vaginal birth , the vagina can stretch to many times its normal diameter .
his exact birthdate is unknown , but is believed to be between 1935 and 1939 .
the quantitative measure of IC50 indicates how much of a drug or other substance is needed to reduce a biological process by half .
although they are named after the bernese oberland region , some of the bernese alps are located in other adjacent cantons .
in ireland , he fathered a daughter, mary ann fisher power, with ann  e  power.
edward gorey said he admired bawden , but lamented that few people remembered or knew about him .
a string can vibrate in different modes and each mode appears as a different particle , such as an electron , photon , or gluon .
gable was nominated for an academy award for his role as fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .
