the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a militia group from the afro-arab abbala tribes of northern rizeigat , are mainly on one side of the armed conflict in sudan .
jeddah is the main access point to mecca , the holiest city in islam , that able-bodied muslims must visit once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is believed to be a hole in neptune's methane cloud deck .
his next work , saturday , follows a day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord and pulled it eastward , using all his might .
he died six weeks later , on 13 january 888 .
they are similar to the people from the coasts of papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the winner of the kate greenaway medal has also received the colin mears award of £ 5000 .
after the drummers , the dancers usually play the sogo  a small drum that makes almost no sound  and have more complex — even acrobatic — choreography .
the spacecraft is made up of two parts : the nasa cassini orbiter , named after italian-french astronomer giovanni domenico cassini , and the esa huygens probe , named after dutch astronomer , mathematician and physicist christiaan huygens .
alessandro  " sandro "  mazzola  was born on 8 november 1942  and is a retired italian footballer .
it was believed that the collision created debris which filled up the smaller craters.
graham went to wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 and earned a ba in anthropology .
however , the bzö differs from the freedom party , as it is for a referendum about the lisbon treaty but against an eu-withdrawal .
many species were gone by the late 1800s due to european settlement.
in 1987 wexler became a member of the rock and roll hall of fame .
dextromethorphan is a white powder in its pure form .
it is very hard to get admitted to tsinghua .
nrc is now organised as an independent , private foundation .
it is located at the coast of the baltic sea , surrounding the city of stralsund .
sports illustrated named him " sportsman of the year " in 1982 .
fives is a british sport believed to have the same origin as many racquet sports .
for instance , king bhumibol was born on a monday , so thailand is decorated in yellow on his birthday .
both names were removed in 2007 when they were combined with the national museum of scotland .
despite this , tagore copied many styles , such as craftwork from northern new ireland , haida carvings from british columbia , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
john f. kennedy proposed the peace corps concept on october 14 , 1960 , on the steps of michigan union .
she sang for president reagan on the public broadcasting service in 1988 as part of the great performances at the white house series .
perry saturn and terri won the wwf european championship after saturn pinned eddie guerrero with a diving elbow drop .
she stayed in the us until 1927 , when she and her husband went back to france .
despina was found in july 1989 through images taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship was held on 4 september 1921 in brescia .
he also wrote two collections of short stories , the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
voyager 2 images show ophelia as an elongated object , pointing towards uranus .
the british chose to get rid of him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in western australia do not use the official western australian time .
pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to make mosaics and inlays for architectural decoration , and to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
there are three other incorporated cities on the palos verdes peninsula , which are rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
scared that drek will ruin the galaxy , clank asks ratchet to help him locate the well-known superhero captain qwark , in order to halt drek .
it is not a real louse .
he encourages using a user-centered design process in product development and is working to make interaction design more widely known .
it is possible that the other editors and the administrator who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone they have never met in real life .
working group i evaluates the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain is part of the hebrides , and is situated between the scottish mainland and the inner hebrides , surrounded by the choppy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife had a daughter named alanna marie orton on july 12 , 2008 .
the minor planet center , a branch of the iau , assigns formal minor planet designations .
wind shear increased quickly on september 30 and the storm started to weaken .
each entry contains a datum  which is a copy of the datum from the backing store .
so , mosques will usually not enforce violations , but men and women must still follow the guidelines when visiting one .
mariel of redwall is a book by brian jacques , released in 1991 .
ryan prosser  born 10 july , 1988  plays rugby union for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
like in the past , this report contains four reports , three from its working groups.
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot , who was named after pierre curie , is an important biochemist .
this stamp stayed the same for the rest of victoria 's reign , and many were printed .
the international fight league was a us-based mma promotion known as the first mma league in the world .
giardia lamblia , also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis , is a flagellated protozoan parasite that lives and reproduces in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
aside from this , cameron has often acted in christian-themed productions , including the post-rapture films left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , where he stars as cameron " buck " williams .
the area east of the vistula river was later called " prussia proper " .
after graduating he went back to yerevan to teach at the conservatory and later became the artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the gospel of matthew and the gospel of luke .
later , weelkes faced issues with the chichester cathedral authorities due to his drinking and disruptive behaviour .
the ' celebrity ' episodes have featured vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
stephen p. synnott found it in images from the voyager 1 probe taken on march 5 , 1979 when it was orbiting jupiter.
gomaespuma was a spanish radio program hosted by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser .
on 16 june 2009 , the release date of the resistance was announced on the band 's website .
he is also a member of the boyband 183 club .
the apostolic tradition , attributed to hippolytus , describes the use of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts .
rollo agreed to be loyal to charles , converted to christianity , and promised to protect the northern region of france from other viking groups .
it comes from the voice of america  voa  special english .
disney was given a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , presented to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid to be spotted by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is a district in the canton of graubünden , switzerland .
it is now known as the bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .
this causes confusion among consumers when 220  1,048,576  bytes is called 1 mb  megabyte  instead of 1 mib .
this event has been discussed in various reports regarding ethics in academic research .
they are castrated so that the animal is calmer and can gain weight faster .
seventh sons have strong magical powers , while seventh sons of seventh sons are both rare and very powerful .
the benchmarking done by passmark software shows the 2009 version 's 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory usage .
volterra is a town in italy's tuscany region .
until recently , it was thought that itch and pain were the same thing , but it was found that they share some features but also have some distinct differences .
the tongue is sticky due to glycoprotein-rich mucous , which both helps with snout movement and catches ants and termites which stick to it .
the same tram had derailed at starr gate loop during earlier tests on 30 may 2006 .
statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers , are placed outside the ground .
find the square root of the variance .
volunteers supplied food , blankets , water , children 's toys , massages , and a rock band performance for those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department of the pays-de-la-loire region in northwestern france .
without proper land use regulations , buildings can be constructed along a bypass , turning it into a regular town road , and the bypass can become as congested as the streets it was meant to bypass .
it is a great place to begin discovering cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises usually hurt but are not usually dangerous .
no one involved with wikipedia can be held responsible for how you use the information found in or linked from the website .
george frideric handel was the kapellmeister of george , elector of hanover  who later became george i of great britain  .
their eyes are very small and they have poor vision .
only chitin is tougher than them in terms of biological materials .
oregano is essential in greek cooking .
tickets can be bought for national rail services , the docklands light railway and with oyster card .
he published and created his own works , while his bigger woodcuts were mostly commissioned .
the historical method is used by historians to research and write history using primary sources and other evidence .
the weight of the icecap on lake vostok is thought to raise the oxygen concentration .
in 2000 , the population was 89,148 .
aliteracy  also known as alliteracy  is the ability to read but not having the desire to do so .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used in medicine .
it will then detach and descend to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
research has also shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that he or she knows , trusts , and / or cares about .
nowadays , landis ' father is a strong supporter of his son and views himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans .
shortly after becoming a category 4 hurricane , the outer convection of the storm became disorganized .
the equilibrium wage is the price for a certain type of labor.
believing that the grounds were haunted , they chose to publish their discoveries in a book an adventure  1911  , under the names elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he moved to london and focused mainly on teaching .
brunstad has fast food restaurants , a cafeteria , a coffee bar , and a grocery store .
he left 11,000 troops to guard the newly conquered region .
in 1438 trevi was taken over by the church as part of the legation of perugia , and later on it became part of the states of the church and then the united kingdom of italy in 1860 .
the depression moved inland on the 20th without any thunderstorms , and ended over brazil the following day , causing heavy rains and flooding .
the nycha police department existed in new york city from 1952 to 1995 .
the current band members are flynn  vocals , guitar  , duce  bass  , phil demmel  guitar  , and dave mcclain  drums  .
countries with a small muslim population are more likely to use mosques for civic participation than muslim-majority countries in the middle east .
the characters have the same personalities as pete and dud , but with more profanity .
johan was the original bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but he left before they released an album .
culver won the 1998 iowa secretary of state election .
in 1990 , mark messier won the hart trophy over ray bourque by two votes , with one first-place vote making the difference .
shade breaks the law he was told to follow and it leads to the destruction of his colony 's home , forcing them to migrate earlier than expected and leaving him behind .
the female form is a daughter .
in april 1999 , it was diagnosed that he had inoperable abdominal cancer.
before the storm came , the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds near the outer banks .
they play speed chess , where each player has twelve minutes for the whole game .
the amazon basin is the area in south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two ex-presidents were charged with mutiny and treason for their parts in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
moderate to severe damage covered the atlantic coastline and went as far inland as west virginia .
these computers are often compared to zombies because the owner is usually unaware .
the wave traveled across the atlantic , and became a tropical depression near the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .
for example , the associated press stylebook is updated yearly .
the four canonical gospel texts are the gospel of matthew , mark , luke , and john , probably written between ad 65 and 100 .
since the late 19th century , eschelbronn has been renowned for its furniture manufacturing industry .
the upper half looks like the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
unlike earth clouds , neptune's cirrus clouds are composed of frozen methane crystals .
they cannot participate fully until they reach legal adulthood .
development releases are rare , but there are sometimes subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use .
in 1482 , he was sent to florence , the ‘ city of his destiny ’.
during the soviet era , two of rostov's main sites were destroyed - st alexander nevsky cathedral  1908  and st george cathedral in nakhichevan  1783-1807  .
he passed away on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , spain and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .
stanley l. miller and harold c. urey proved this in the miller-urey experiment of 1953 .
cogeneration  also called combined heat and power , chp  is the use of a heat engine or a power station to produce both electricity and useful heat .
sometimes the male " den master " will let another male into the den , though the reason for this is unknown .
wikipedia gadgets are snippets of javascript and / or css that can be activated through the wikipedia preferences .
here are some useful links that can help you get involved .
he was the prime minister of egypt from 1945 to 1948 .
she was left behind  with varying explanations  when the other nicoleños were relocated to the mainland .
james i made him a gentleman of the chapel royal , acting as an organist there from 1615 until he passed away .
chauvin was embarrassed and reluctant to accept his award .
later , esperanto speakers started to view the language and the culture built around it as separate entities , even if it is never used by the united nations or other international organizations .
dry air from the south of the cyclone weakened the deep convection by early on september 12 .
calvin baker is a novelist from the united states .
eva anna paula braun  ( 6 february 1912 – 30 april 1945) was the companion and later wife of adolf hitler .
each version of the license has a distinct number .
most irc servers do not need users to register , but they will have to pick a nickname before connecting .
in that year , he also became a certified airplane mechanic , the youngest in new york .
summerslam  2009  is a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by world wrestling entertainment  wwe  and will be held on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles , california .
he is usually depicted as bald , with a long beard , and is believed to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
some animals have chromatic responses , changing color in different environments , either seasonally  ermine , snowshoe hare  or much faster with chromatophores in their integument  cephalopods  .
val venis beat rikishi in a steel cage match to keep the wwf intercontinental championship , and pinned him after tazz hit him with a tv camera .
this is similar to the unix philosophy of having multiple programs that each do one task well and can work together using universal interfaces .
he comes from a musically inclined family ; his mother , larue , was a singer and administrative assistant and his father , keith brion , was a band director at yale .
mennonites are most commonly found in canada , democratic republic of congo , and the united states , but they can also be found in 51 countries on six continents or among the citizens of those countries .
naas is a popular town near dublin , with many residents commuting to the city for work .
acanthopholis was protected by oval plates set into its skin , with spikes on its neck and shoulders , and along its spine .
origin irmo was created on christmas eve in 1890 due to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
on the other hand , bills proposed by the law commission , and consolidation bills , begin in the house of lords .
before his release in 1474 , when he was getting ready for the reconquest of wallachia , vlad lived in a house in the hungarian capital with his new wife .
you can add a phrase of up to five words to the front cover , and a sentence of up to 25 words to the back cover , to the list in the modified version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is a soft tissue found inside bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue since blue light is scattered more efficiently than red light , the same process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets .
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse department of france , located in provence-alpes-côte d ' azur .
macgruber attempts to make something to defuse the bomb by asking for objects , but he is usually sidetracked by something from his personal life and runs out of time .
messiaen had mostly completed it when he passed away , and yvonne loriod finished it with help from george benjamin .
shi ' a muslims consider karbala to be one of their most sacred cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
the pad asked for the resignation of the thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat governments , saying they were thaksin's puppets .
but travelling through remote areas , on tracks not often used , needs good preparation and a dependable and suitable vehicle  usually a four wheel drive  .
while at kahn , he was the main architect of the fisher building in 1928 .
he apologizes for having to leave for rehearsal and leaves with dr. schön.
britpop originated from the british independent music scene of the early 1990s and had bands influenced by british pop music from the 1960s and 1970s .
these were included in battalions being formed for xi international brigade .
there are fewer people using the sheppard line compared to the other two subway lines , and shorter trains are operated .
it has a capacity of 98,772 , making it the largest stadium in europe and one of the biggest in the world .
in december , 1967 , ten boom was given the title of righteous among the nations by israel .
some articles are more detailed and of high quality , while others are briefer and of lower quality .
there are around 95 accepted species .
eugowra is believed to get its name from an indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill " .
english speakers often use words like " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture ".
jurisdiction comes from public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of government to allocate resources to best serve the native society .
he composed other works relating to hiawatha , including the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital city of the state is aracaju .
despite this , farrenc was paid less than male colleagues for nearly a decade .
vorkapich created gumbasia using a style called kinesthetic film principles.
mk sun was inspired by lawyer brandon waise lee and became a lawyer himself .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a township near cowra in new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .
donaldson joined the australian army on 18 june 2002 .
prospectors from california , europe and china searched for gold along the peel river and up the mountain slopes .
before pocket calculators , the slide rule was the most popular tool for calculations in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display , longer battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option , and is 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  thick .
yoghurt is a dairy product made by fermenting milk .
more defencemen than any other current position are in the hall of fame , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
other opinions on the topic have been suggested over the years  see below  , but all were dismissed by main christian organizations .
the album was not allowed to be sold in many stores .
the legs are wider at the top and narrower at the ankle .
in late 2004 , suleman made news when he removed howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations , due to stern 's conversations about his upcoming move to sirius satellite radio .
the company opened twice as many canadian outlets as mcdonald's and its system-wide sales overtook those of mcdonald's canadian operations in 2002 .
captain caleb holt  kirk cameron  is a firefighter in albany , georgia and follows the cardinal rule of all firemen , " never leave your partner behind " .
he won the presidential election on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the votes .
the plant is a living fossil .
in 1990 , she was the only female performer in saudi arabia .
stravinsky began his work on the ballet in 1913 .
protests in the country were put down .
offenbach's operettas like orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène were very successful in france and english-speaking countries in the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles from the tang dynasty with this symbol were found near xian .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux  was a french organist , pianist , composer , and pedagogue from february 13 , 1921 to november 11 , 1968 .
it was generally difficult to control the instrument .
santa maria maggiore  st. mary the greater  is the first known church in assisi .
radar observations show a mostly iron-nickel composition .
railway gazette international is a monthly business magazine about railways , metros , light rails and trams around the world .
he was given the  ch  title in 1988 .
loèche is the home of onyx , the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small cardboard folder  matchcover  that contains matches and has a rough striking surface outside .
she opposed cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women .
she defiantly refused to leave the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
there is a three volume original english-language manga series about graystripe , from the time he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
syrians were spread out , with many of the immigrants working as peddlers and having daily contact with americans  (samovar & porter  1994  , p . 84).
he was known for his prints , book covers , posters , and metalwork furniture for gardens .
as a child , she had collapsed lungs twice , she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year , a ruptured appendix , and a tonsillar cyst .
dr. david lindenmeyer of the australian national university believes that the need for nest boxes shows that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable for conserving species like leadbeater's possum that need hollows to live .
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in montreal , canada .
small value inductors can also be made on integrated circuits with the same processes used to make transistors .
gribble was first used to refer to the wood-boring species , especially limnoria lignorum , which was described by rathke in 1799 in norway .
wounds caused by a club are called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
after that , the county was managed at duns or lauder until greenlaw was made the county town in 1596 .
no skater has ever done a quadruple axel in a competition .
the port jackson district commandant could connect to all military bases in the harbour using the telephone exchange .
nevertheless , even those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without praying still have to follow certain rules .
it has a pointed face and is the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by the amount of work done compared to the time and resources used .
there are some big reservoirs along the volga .
the crosier represents the monasteries of the region .
human skin color ranges from dark brown to pale pink .
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , provided assistance to yunus with the official establishment of the bank with the help of a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer mentioned the possibility of trying saddam , but did not provide details of the trial .
the professional hockey writers ' association vote for the all-star team after the regular season ends .
tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan surround afghanistan , iran , pakistan and china .
nupedia was started on march 9 , 2000 , and was owned by bomis , inc , a web portal company .
the design has key-dependent s-boxes and a complicated key schedule .
iain grieve , born on 19 february , 1987 in jwaneng , botswana , is a rugby union back-rower for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
two other settlements near here are pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was proposed by murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring was added in 1938 39 and is decorated with golden garlands , when the column was relocated to its current position .
west berlin had its own postal system , different from west germany 's , and issued its own stamps until 1990 .
sandro botticelli painted the primavera in 1482 .
sydney is the biggest city and capital of new south wales .
epoxy is the most common polymer used , but polyester , vinyl ester or nylon can also be used .
the name exists as a brand for a related digital television channel , radio station , and website that are still around after the magazine ended .
at four-and-a-half years old he was alone on the streets of northern italy for the next four years , living in orphanages and travelling with other homeless children .
stands were eventually built behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground was modernised .
a town can still be called a market town or have market rights even if it doesn't have an actual market , as long as the right to do so is still there .
a bastion was built later on the east side .
olav haraldsson was killed in the battle of stiklestad in norway on july 29 .
some people think that tresca was killed by the nkvd as punishment for speaking out against stalin's rule in the soviet union .
this led to montenegro and serbia becoming independent countries .
use HTML and CSS only when necessary .
schuschnigg denied reports of riots in public .
addiscombe is a suburb in croydon , england .
in some cases , constituent can also mean a citizen living in the area served by a politician , specifically those who voted for them .
prunk is a member of the institute of european history in mainz and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn .
stallone appeared in the 2003 french movie taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead , they created a trailer with a cantilevered arm connected to the " hovercraft " and filmed the scene while driving up templin highway near santa clarita .
the conference papers were published in a bookmicroeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al the following year .
wario land is a platforming series that started with the release of wario land : super mario land 3 , a spin-off of the super mario land series .
frédéric chopin wrote opus 57 , which is a berceuse for solo piano .
these attacks could have been psychological instead of physical .
a historian said that quinine's effectiveness allowed settlers to move into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa .
additionally , spectroscopic studies have revealed hydrated minerals and silicates , suggesting a rocky surface composition .
she was the official editor of her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury looks like the moon : it has a lot of craters , flat areas , no moons and no atmosphere .
the town is located in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
these are perfect for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was ruled by the turkish and afghan governors from the delhi sultanate until the mughals arrived in 1608 .
the prime minister can only stay in office if the lower house still supports them .
rowling included this scene to show harry's bravery and his selfless and compassionate act of retrieving cedric's corpse .
on june 1 , 1972 , he and two other raf members were arrested after a long gunfight in frankfurt .
they joined together to form new music manchester , a group dedicated to modern music .
the destructive hurricane caused severe damage in the upper florida keys , with a storm surge of 18 to 20 feet .
meher baba 's samadhi  tomb-shrine  is now located there , as well as places for pilgrims to stay and visit .
the fallen dome of the main church has been completely restored .
in 2005 , meissner completed the triple axel jump in national competition , becoming the second american woman to do so .
salem is a city in massachusetts , usa .
there are forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse .
saint martin is a tropical island located east of puerto rico .
thus , these pdfs cannot be shared without first being adjusted if they contain images .
in april 1862 , ben was arrested by inspector sir frederick pottinger for being involved in an armed robbery with frank gardiner .
there was a heavy rain in some parts of britain on october 5 , resulting in localized flooding .
version 2009.1 has a usb installer to make a live usb , where the user can save their settings and personal data if they want to .
the seats were distributed based on the parties' strength in the federal assembly , with 2 members for the free democratic party (fdp), 2 members for the christian democratic people's party (cvp), 2 members for the social democratic party (sp), and 1 member for the swiss people's party (svp).
a fee is the money one pays for services , like the money paid to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other professional .
ohio state has a library system with twenty-one libraries on its columbus campus .
iceland and greenland accepted norway's rule , but scotland fended off a norse attack and negotiated a good peace treaty .
the album had " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " as singles .
in april 2000 , minix became free / open source software under a free software licence , but by then other operating systems had surpassed it , and it was mainly used by students and hobbyists .
the body color of this animal can be medium brown , gold-ish , beige-white , and it can also have dark brown spots , usually on the limbs .
the britannica was mainly a scottish company , as shown by its thistle logo , which is the national flower of scotland .
the warning issued on september 22 was expanded southwards as jose strengthened , before being cancelled soon after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune reported that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders used mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the beginning of the war .
the latter gave viewers the same information intertitles would later provide , and can help historians visualize the film .
this is because assets in the underground economies of the third world can not be used as collateral to obtain funds for industrial and commercial growth .
he escaped from sydney cove multiple times before being killed in 1796 .
ned and dan went to the police camp and demanded surrender .
before the second game started , the press thought that the " midget-in-a-cake " stunt was not as good as veeck 's normal promotions .
joss whedon announced in a video promoting the charity equality now that " fray is not done , fray is coming back .
marvel comics publishes comic books featuring mutants .
the sat reasoning test  formerly scholastic aptitude test and scholastic assessment test  is used to determine college admissions in the united states .
due to civil unrest in northern italy , the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder was created , which are penitential songs sung by roaming groups of flagellants .
reports say that various factors increase the chances of paralysis and hallucinations .
he was sentenced to seven years of transportation to australia .
waugh writes that charles was seeking love when he first encountered sebastian , and found " a low door in the wall ... which led to an enclosed and magical garden " , a metaphor that is relevant to the book in many ways .
her relationship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also important for her .
the term "dorsal" relates to parts of an animal that are on or come from its backside .
berzelius coined the word " protein " after mulder noticed that all proteins had the same chemical formula and could be made of one type of large molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang stayed out of sight for 16 months to avoid being caught .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in northwestern france .
the color is between orange and pale yellow .
in 1963 , an extension was opened from union station to st. george and bloor streets , going north below university avenue and queen 's park .
before 1980 , part of the commonwealth railways central australian line went through the west of the simpson desert .
it is found on an old portage trail which goes west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy can be at risk of arrhythmia , sudden cardiac death , or both .
mesoamerica's biggest sub-region , it included the mountainous regions of the sierra madre and the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google released the comic on google books and their website and explained the early release on their blog .
the college allows anyone to create a pedigree , but they must be properly checked and require official proofs before being changed .
the book , political economy , was released in 1985 , but was not widely used in classrooms .
in 1990 , he toured with the ipo in the soviet union , going to moscow and leningrad , and again in 1994 , going to china and india .
during the napoleonic wars , austrian general mack surrendered his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm , with napoleon taking over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the austrians.
it has always been an economic hub in northern nigeria , and is well known for its groundnut production and export .
most south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora won the band numerous awards and honors .
after a short standoff , the wwf cavalry faced kane and jericho .
richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman wrote most of the songs .
in the 5th century , slavs migrated to the area .
between 1900 and 1920 , many new buildings were built on campus , such as for dental and pharmacy programs , chemistry , natural sciences , hill auditorium , a big hospital and library , and two residence halls .
winchester is a city in illinois , usa .
the name arzashkun appears to be the assyrian version of an armenian name ending in -ka derived from the name arzash , which is similar to the name arsene or arsissa used by the ancients to refer to part of lake van .
out of 16,421 people who participated in the audition , she was one of the 15 selected to be on the show .
its episodes aired on abc from september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
the other device can be built and used in milder conditions .
gimnasia hired colombian coach francisco maturana and then julio césar falcioni , but neither achieved great results .
brighton is a city in iowa , usa .
additionally , she was in music videos such as " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
glinde was granted its town charter on june 24 , 1979 , which was the 750th anniversary of the village .
pauline reappeared in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 , and later mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , however she is now being referred to as " mario 's friend " .
the vagina can stretch to many times its normal diameter during childbirth .
his exact birthday is unknown , but it is thought to be between 1935 and 1939 .
this measure shows how much of an inhibitor is needed to reduce a biological process or component by half .
although the name suggests that the bernese alps are in the bernese oberland region of bern , they are also partly located in five other cantons .
there he had a daughter , who was baptized as mary ann fisher power , to ann  e  power .
edward gorey praised bawden as one of his favorite artists , expressing sadness that not many people remembered or knew about him .
the string can vibrate in different modes , just like a guitar string , and each mode looks like a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable was nominated for an academy award when he acted as fletcher christian in the 1935 movie mutiny on the bounty .