one side of the armed conflicts is mostly made up of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group from the afro-arab abbala tribes of northern rizeigat in sudan .
jeddah is the main gateway to mecca , islam 's holiest city , which able-bodied muslims must visit at least once in their life .
the great dark spot is assumed to be a hole in the methane cloud layer of neptune .
his next work , saturday , follows a very eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord and , linked it to the ball , ran quickly to the east , pulling on the cord with all his might .
he died six weeks later , on 13 january 888 .
they have a similar culture to the coastal peoples of papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has been given the colin mears award worth £ 5000 .
after the drummers are dancers , who usually play the sogo  a small drum that makes almost no sound  and usually have more detailed — even acrobatic — choreography .
the spacecraft has two main elements : the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe .
alessandro  " sandro "  mazzola was born on 8 november 1942 and is an italian former football player .
it was first believed that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham studied at wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 , when he finished with a ba in anthropology .
however , the bzö differs somewhat from the freedom party , as it is for a referendum about the lisbon treaty but against an eu-withdrawal .
many species had disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century , due to european settlement .
wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame in 1987 .
in its purest form , dextromethorphan appears as a white powder .
getting into tsinghua is very hard .
now nrc is organised as an independent , private foundation .
it is located at the baltic sea coast , where it surrounds the city of stralsund .
he was called 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated .
fives is a British sport thought to come from the same source as many racquet sports .
for instance , king bhumibol was born on monday , so his birthday will be celebrated with yellow decorations throughout thailand .
both names were dropped in 2007 when they joined the national museum of scotland .
however , tagore copied many styles , including craftwork from northern new ireland , haida carvings from the west coast of canada  british columbia  , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , john f. kennedy proposed the idea of the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she performed for president reagan in 1988 's great performances at the white house series , which aired on PBS .
perry saturn and terri beat eddie guerrero and chyna to win the wwf european championship  8:10  saturn pinned guerrero after a diving elbow drop .
she stayed in the united states until 1927 when she and her husband went back to france .
despina was found in late july , 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship happened on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he wrote two collections of short stories named the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
voyager 2 images show ophelia as an elongated object , with its major axis pointing towards uranus .
the british decided to kill him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia , between the south australian border and caiguna , do not observe official western australian time .
small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used in architecture to make mosaics and inlays which have been used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
the other cities on the palos verdes peninsula include rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
fearing that drek will ruin the galaxy , clank asks ratchet to assist him in finding the famous superhero captain qwark , to prevent drek .
it is not really a true louse .
he recommends using a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also works to make interaction design a major discipline .
it is possible that the other editors who reported you , and the administrator who blocked you , are part of a plot against someone far away they ' ve never seen in real life .
working group i : looks at scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain is part of the hebrides , divided from the scottish mainland and from the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife had alanna marie orton on july 12 , 2008 .
formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations regulated by the minor planet center , a part of the iau .
early on september 30 , wind shear began to rise and the storm started to weaken .
each entry has a datum  a piece of data  which is a copy of the datum in some backing store .
as a result , although many mosques will not punish violations , both men and women when visiting a mosque must follow these guidelines .
mariel of redwall is a fantasy book by brian jacques , released in 1991 .
ryan prosser  born on july 10th , 1988  is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
like before , there are four reports , three of them from its working groups .
hélène langevin-joliot, their granddaughter, is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris , and pierre joliot, their grandson, is a famous biochemist .
this stamp stayed the standard letter stamp until the end of victoria 's reign , and many were printed .
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts  mma  promotion known as the world 's first mma league .
giardia lamblia  also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis  is a flagellated protozoan parasite that lives in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
cameron has also worked in christian-themed productions , such as the post-rapture films left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , where he plays cameron " buck " williams .
this was the area east of the vistula river , later sometimes called " prussia proper ".
after graduating he went back to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the bible passages in the gospel of matthew and luke .
weelkes was later in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his drinking and inappropriate behaviour .
so far the ' celebrity ' episodes have included vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
stephen p. synnott discovered it in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5 , 1979 while orbiting around jupiter .
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show , hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser .
the release date of the resistance was announced on the band 's website on 16 june 2009 .
he is also part of another jungiery boyband 183 club .
the apostolic tradition , credited to the theologian hippolytus , shows the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts .
in return , rollo pledged loyalty to charles , converted to christianity , and agreed to protect the northern region of france from other viking groups .
it is taken from voice of america  voa  special english .
disney got a full-size oscar statuette and seven small ones , given to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid to be seen by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is an administrative area in the canton of graubünden , switzerland .
it continues as bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .
this causes consumer confusion when 220  1,048,576  bytes is referred to as 1 mb  megabyte  instead of 1 mib .
numerous reports have been written about ethics in scholarship because of the incident .
they are castrated so that the animal may be calmer or may gain weight faster .
seventh sons have strong " knacks "  certain magical abilities  , and seventh sons of seventh sons are both very rare and powerful .
passmark software 's benchmarking shows the 2009 version 's 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory utilization .
volterra is a city in the tuscany region of italy .
until recently , it was thought that itch and pain were not separate from each other , but it was found that itch has some similarities to pain but also some differences .
the tongue is sticky due to glycoprotein-rich mucous , which lubricates movement and catches ants and termites , which stick to it .
the same tram had derailed on may 30 , 2006 at starr gate loop during earlier trials .
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers , outside the stadium .
calculate the square root of the variance .
volunteers supplied food , blankets , water , children 's toys , massages , and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a town in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france .
if there are no strong land use regulations , buildings will be constructed along a bypass , turning it into a regular town road , and the bypass will eventually become as busy as the local streets it was designed to avoid .
it is also a beginning point for people who want to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises often cause pain but are usually not dangerous .
no one connected with wikipedia is responsible for your use of the information in or linked from these web pages .
george frideric handel also worked as kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover  who later became george i of great britain  .
their eyes are tiny , and their sight is bad .
they are only surpassed as biological materials in toughness by chitin .
oregano is an essential ingredient in greek cuisine .
tickets can be bought for national rail services , the docklands light railway and on oyster card .
these works he did alone , whilst his much bigger woodcuts were mostly requested.
the historical method contains the methods and guidelines which historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and write history .
the heavy weight of the continental icecap on lake vostok is believed to lead to the high oxygen concentration .
in 2000 , the population was 89,148 .
aliteracy  sometimes spelled alliteracy  is the condition of being able to read but not wanting to .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid drug used as a medicine .
it will then move away and sink back to the river bed in order to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
research has also revealed that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know , trust , and / or care about .
now , landis ' father is a strong supporter of his son and considers himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans .
after getting category 4 status , the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged .
the balance price for a certain type of labor is the wage .
believing the grounds were haunted , they chose to publish their findings in a book an adventure  1911  , with the pen names elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he moved to london , focusing on practical teaching .
brunstad has some fast food restaurants , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and its own grocery store .
he left 11,000 troops to protect the newly conquered region .
in 1438 trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia , and after 1860 it was part of the united kingdom of italy .
the depression moved inland on the 20th as an area without convection , and ended the next day over brazil , causing heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was a law enforcement agency in new york city from 1952 to 1995 .
the current band includes flynn  vocals , guitar  , duce  bass  , phil demmel  guitar  , and dave mcclain  drums  .
countries with a minority muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries of the greater middle east to use mosques to encourage civic participation .
the characters are profane versions of their earlier characters pete and dud .
johan was the original bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but left before the band released a studio album .
in 1998 , culver won the election for iowa secretary of state .
in 1990 , mark messier won the hart over ray bourque by two votes , the difference being one first-place vote .
shade's disobedience of the law sets the main plot in motion , leading to the destruction of his colony's home , their premature migration , and his separation from them .
the female version is a daughter .
he was found to have inoperable abdominal cancer in april 1999 .
before the storm came , the national park service shut down visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks .
the type of chess played is speed chess in which each player has a total of twelve minutes for the full game .
the amazon basin is the region of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two ex-presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their actions in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
moderate to severe damage spread up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .
since the owner is usually unaware , these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies .
the wave moved across the atlantic , and developed into a tropical depression off the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .
the associated press stylebook is updated annually , for example .
the four traditional texts are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke and gospel of john , probably written between ad 65 and 100 .
since the late 19th century eschelbronn is famous for its furniture manufacturing industry .
the top half looks like the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
unlike the clouds on earth , neptune 's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane , not ice .
their involvement is restricted until they reach legal adulthood .
stable releases are uncommon , but often there are subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use .
in 1482 the order sent him to florence , the ‘ city of his destiny ’ .
during the soviet years , the bolsheviks destroyed two of rostov 's main landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral  1908  and st george cathedral in nakhichevan  1783-1807  .
he passed away on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , spain and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .
stanley l. miller and harold c. urey demonstrated this in the miller-urey experiment in 1953 .
cogeneration  also combined heat and power , chp  is the utilization of a heat engine or a power station to generate both electricity and useful heat at the same time .
the male " den master " will sometimes let a second male into the den ; the reason for this is unknown .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript and / or a css code that can be enabled by selecting an option in your wikipedia preferences .
here are some helpful links to help your involvement .
he was the prime minister of egypt between 1945 and 1948 .
she was left behind  reasons for this vary  when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland .
james i made him a gentleman of the chapel royal , where he acted as an organist from 1615 until his death .
chauvin was ashamed to get his award and initially said that he may not take it .
later , esperanto speakers started to view the language and the culture that had grown up around it as important in themselves , even if esperanto is never accepted by the united nations or other international organizations .
dry air around the southern side of the cyclone weakened most of the deep convection by early september 12 .
calvin baker is an american writer .
eva anna paula braun , also known as eva anna paula hitler  6 february 1912 – 30 april 1945  was the long-time companion and , briefly , wife of adolf hitler .
every version of the license has a different version number .
most irc servers do not require users to register an account but a user must set a nickname before connecting .
in that year he also got a mechanics certificate , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
summerslam  2009  is a future professional wrestling pay-per-view event created by world wrestling entertainment  wwe  , which will occur on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles , california .
he is usually pictured as bald , with long whiskers , and is believed to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
a few animals have chromatic response , changing color in different environments , either seasonally  ermine , snowshoe hare  or quickly with chromatophores in their integument  the cephalopod family  .
val venis kept the wwf intercontinental championship by defeating rikishi in a steel cage match  14:10  venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera .
this strongly resembles the unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces .
his mother , larue , was an administrative assistant and singer , and his father , keith brion , was a band director at yale ; he came from a musical family .
the highest numbers of mennonites live in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states , but mennonites are also part of small communities in 51 countries across six continents or live among the people in those countries .
naas is a major " dublin suburb " town , with many people living in and working from naas .
acanthopholis had oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin , with spikes coming from the neck and shoulder area , along the spine .
irmo was formed on christmas eve in 1890 because of the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
on the other hand , bills proposed by the law commission , and consolidation bills , begin in the house of lords .
before he was freed in 1474 , vlad and his wife lived in a house in the hungarian capital while he got ready for the reconquest of wallachia .
you can add a phrase of up to five words as a front-cover text , and a phrase of up to 25 words as a back-cover text , to the modified list of cover texts .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is the soft tissue found inside bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is better for blue light than red  this is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets  .
monteux is a town in the vaucluse département in southern france , located in the region provence-alpes-côte d ' azur .
macgruber begins looking for ordinary things to build something to defuse the bomb , but he is later distracted by something  usually related to his personal life  that makes him out of time .
this was almost done when messiaen died , and yvonne loriod completed the last movement 's orchestration with help from george benjamin .
shi ' a muslims consider karbala to be one of their holiest cities after the four main cities .
the pad demanded that the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat resign , accusing them of being thaksin's representatives .
however travel through isolated areas , on remote tracks , needs prior preparation and an appropriate , dependable vehicle  usually a four wheel drive  .
while at kahn he was the main architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he apologizes because he has to go for rehearsal , and he and dr. schön go away .
britpop came from the british independent music scene of the early 1990s and was marked by bands inspired by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
this was added to battalions being made for xi international brigade.
the sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines , and shorter trains are used .
it has a capacity of 98,772 , making it the biggest stadium in europe , and the eleventh largest in the world .
in december , 1967 , ten boom was recognized as one of the righteous among the nations by israel .
some articles are long and full of content while others are shorter  possibly stubs  and of lower quality .
around 95 species are accepted .
eugowra is said to be called after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill " .
words like " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are often used in english .
jurisdiction is based on public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to use resources for the good of its native society .
after this , he wrote several other pieces about hiawatha , including the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is aracaju .
despite this , farrenc was paid less than her male colleagues for nearly a decade .
gumbasia was made in a style vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles .
the lawyer , brandon  waise lee  , inspired him , and mk sun grew up to be a lawyer .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an old township near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .
donaldson joined the australian army on 18 june 2002 .
prospectors from california , europe and china were also mining along the peel river and up the mountain slopes .
before the pocket calculator , it was the most used calculation tool in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 has 16-level grayscale display , better battery life , quicker page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read out the text , and a thinner size from 0.8 to 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  .
yoghurt is a dairy product made by bacterial fermentation of milk .
75 defencemen are in the hall of fame , more than any other current position , and only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
different opinions on the subject have been suggested over the years  see below  , but all were refused by mainstream christian bodies .
the album was not allowed in many record stores nationwide .
the legs are wide near the top , and thin near the ankle .
in late 2004 , suleman removed howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations , due to his frequent discussions regarding his move to sirius satellite radio .
the company opened twice as many canadian outlets as mcdonald 's and system-wide sales exceeded mcdonald 's canadian operations by 2002 .
captain caleb holt  kirk cameron  is a firefighter in albany , georgia and follows the cardinal rule of all firemen , " never leave your partner behind " .
he won the presidential election on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the popular vote .
the plant is known as a living fossil .
in 1990 , she was the only female entertainer who could perform in saudi arabia .
stravinsky first thought of writing the ballet in 1913 .
protests around the country were stopped .
offenbach's operettas, like orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène, were very popular in both france and the english-speaking world from the 1850s to the 1860s.
roof tiles from the tang dynasty with this symbol have been found near the ancient city of chang ' an  modern-day xian  .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux  february 13 , 1921 november 11 , 1968  , was a french organist , pianist , composer , and teacher .
most people said the instrument was nearly impossible to control .
santa maria maggiore  st. mary the greater  is the first church in assisi .
radar observations display a mostly iron-nickel composition .
railway gazette international is a monthly business magazine covering the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries globally .
he was given the title companion of honour  ch  in 1988 .
loèche holds the facilities of onyx , the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small cardboard folder  matchcover  containing a number of matches and having a rough striking surface on the outside .
she was one of the first doctors to disapprove of cigarette smoking around children , and drug use in pregnant women .
defiantly , she promised to never give up the commune , and challenged the judges to sentence her to death .
there is a three-volume manga series about graystripe , between the time he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
samovar & porter  1994  state that syrians did not live in urban areas ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers had regular contact with americans .
he was also well-known for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden metalwork furniture .
when she was a child , she had collapsed lungs twice , pneumonia 4-5 times annually , a ruptured appendix , and a tonsillar cyst .
dr. david lindenmeyer  australian national university  said that the need for nest boxes shows that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable , for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater's possum .
the montreal canadiens are a pro ice hockey team in montreal , quebec , canada .
small value inductors can also be created on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used for transistors .
the term gribble was initially used for the wood-boring species , particularly the first species described from norway by rathke in 1799 , limnoria lignorum .
the injuries caused by a club are usually called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
after that , the county 's management took place in duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has achieved a quadruple axel in competition yet .
from the telephone exchange , the port jackson district commandant could talk to all military bases on the harbour .
however , even to those who go into the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying , there are still rules to follow .
it is described as sharp-faced and around the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by how much useful work a computer system can do compared to the time and resources used .
some of the biggest reservoirs in the world are found along the volga .
the crosier symbolizes the monasteries of the area .
human skin color can range from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , assisted yunus with the legal formation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer said that saddam would be put on trial , but the details of the trial had not yet been decided .
representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association vote for the all-star team after the regular season ends .
tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan border afghanistan to the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south and china to the east .
nupedia was created on march 9 , 2000 , by bomis , inc , a web portal company .
significant elements of the design include key-dependent s-boxes and a very complicated key schedule .
iain grieve was born on february 19 , 1987 in jwaneng , botswana and plays rugby union back-rower for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
other settlements close by are pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig proposed the quark model in 1964 .
the fourth ring was decorated with golden garlands and added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its current location .
west berlin had a separate postal administration from west germany 's , and issued its own postage stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by italian renaissance painter sandro botticelli , c . 1482 .
sydney is new south wales 's biggest city and capital .
the polymer is usually epoxy , but other polymers , such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon , can be used too .
the name still exists as a brand for a related digital television channel , digital radio station , and website , even after the printed magazine ended .
at the age of four and a half , he was alone on the streets of northern italy for the next four years , living in different orphanages and wandering through towns with groups of other homeless kids .
stands were later added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernized .
a town can be accurately called a market town or having market rights even if it no longer holds a market , if the right to do so still exists .
a fortification on the eastern approaches was built later .
on july 29 , the battle of stiklestad in norway occurred , in which olav haraldsson was defeated by his pagan vassals and killed .
some think that tresca was killed by the nkvd as revenge for criticizing the stalin regime of the soviet union .
this caused montenegro and serbia to become independent countries .
use html and css markup carefully and only with good purpose .
schuschnigg quickly answered publicly that reports of riots were false .
addiscombe is a neighborhood in the london borough of croydon , england .
depending on the context , another closely-related meaning of constituent is that of a citizen living in the area governed , represented , or otherwise served by a politician ; sometimes this is limited to citizens who voted for the politician .
prunk is a part of institute of european history in mainz , and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn .
stallone also had a small part in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead , the crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the " hovercraft " and filmed the scene while driving up templin highway north of santa clarita .
the conference papers were printed the following year in a bookmicroeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al .
the wario land series is a platforming series that began with wario land : super mario land 3 , a spin-off of the super mario land series .
frédéric chopin 's opus 57 is a lullaby for solo piano .
these attacks may have been mental rather than physical .
a historian said that " quinine 's effectiveness allowed colonists to settle into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa ".
in addition , spectroscopic studies have found signs of hydrated minerals and silicates , which prove a stony surface composition .
she became the official editor of her husband 's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury looks like the moon : it is full of craters with areas of level plains , has no moons and no big atmosphere .
geography the town is in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
these areas give great habitat for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was ruled by the turkish and afghan governors from the delhi sultanate before the mughals arrived in 1608 .
the prime minister remains in office only if they keep the support of the lower house .
for rowling , this scene is significant because it displays harry 's courage , and by getting cedric 's body , he shows selflessness and compassion .
on june 1 , 1972 , he and other raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were arrested after a long shootout in frankfurt .
they created new music manchester , a group devoted to contemporary music .
the powerful and intense hurricane caused severe damage in the upper florida keys , as a storm surge of about 18 to 20 feet affected the area .
it is now the place of meher baba's samadhi  tomb-shrine  and also has facilities and accommodations for pilgrims .
the broken dome of the main church has been fixed completely .
in 2005 , meissner became the second american woman to do the triple axel jump in national competition .
salem is a city in essex county , massachusetts .
49 species of pipefish and 9 species of seahorse have been found .
saint martin is a tropical island in the northeast caribbean , about 300 kilometers east of puerto rico .
therefore , these pdfs cannot be shared without more manipulation if they have images .
ben was arrested in april 1862 by police inspector sir frederick pottinger for joining in an armed robbery with frank gardiner .
heavy rain fell across parts of britain on october 5 , causing localized flooding .
version 2009.1 has a usb installer to create a live usb , where the user 's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired .
in relation to the parties ' strength in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : free democratic party  fdp  : 2 , christian democratic people 's party  cvp  : 2 , social democratic party  sp  : 2 , and swiss people 's party  svp  : 1 .
a fee is the price one pays for services , particularly the honorarium paid to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other professional .
ohio state 's library system includes twenty-one libraries on its columbus campus .
iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of norway , while scotland defeated a norse invasion and made a beneficial peace settlement .
the songs from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in april 2000 , minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence , but other operating systems were better and it was mainly used by students and hobbyists .
the body color can be medium brown , gold-ish , or beige-white ; and it can have dark brown spots , especially on the limbs .
the britannica was mainly a scottish venture , as shown by its thistle logo , the flower of scotland .
the area of the warning issued on september 22 was increased southwards as jose intensified , before being removed soon after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune reported that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the early stages of combat .
the latter gave audiences the kind of information later given by intertitles , and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like .
this is because real estate , businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can not be used as security to get capital to fund industrial and commercial growth .
he escaped from sydney cove multiple times before being shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan went to the police camp , demanding them to surrender .
before the second game started , the press said that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance was not up to veeck 's usual promotional standard .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now joss whedon said that " fray is not done , fray is returning .
a mutant is a type of character seen in comic books published by marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test  formerly scholastic aptitude test and scholastic assessment test  is a standard test for college admissions in the united states .
civil unrest in northern italy created the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering flagellants .
some reports say that there are several factors that can cause both paralysis and hallucinations .
his punishment was transportation to australia for seven years .
waugh writes that charles was " looking for love " when he first met sebastian , finding " a small door in the wall ... which opened to a secret and magical garden " , a metaphor that affects the work in many ways .
her well-known friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also a significant factor in her life .
the term dorsal refers to anatomical parts that are located towards or grow on that side of an animal .
berzelius coined the term " protein " after mulder noticed that all proteins had the same empirical formula and may be made of a single type of  very large  molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang hid for 16 months to avoid capture .
barneville-la-bertran is a town in the calvados department in northwestern france .
the color varies from orange to pale yellow .
an extension was added in 1963 , going north from union station , below university avenue and queen 's park to close to bloor street , then west to end at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , a part of the commonwealth railways central australian line went along the western side of the simpson desert .
it is on an old portage trail which went west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are often in danger of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both .
as the biggest sub-region in mesoamerica , it included a large and varied landscape , from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google later released the comic on google books and their site and posted about it on its official blog along with an explanation for the early release .
anyone can register a pedigree with the college , where they are rigorously checked and need official proofs before being altered .
the book , political economy , was released in 1985 , but had little classroom adoption .
he went on tour with the ipo in 1990 for their initial performance in the soviet union , with concerts in moscow and leningrad , and toured with the ipo again in 1994 , playing in china and india .
napoleonic wars : austrian general mack gave up his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm , granting napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and causing 10,000 casualties on the losers .
it has always been the economic hub of northern nigeria , and a place for the creation and export of groundnuts .
most south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora got the band various awards and honors .
after a short stand-off , the wwf cavalry attacked kane and jericho .
most of the songs were composed by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .
in the 5th century slavs began to move into the area .
from 1900 to 1920 several new buildings were built on campus , including ones for the dental and pharmacy programs , chemistry , natural sciences , hill auditorium , hospital and library complexes , and two residence halls .
winchester is a city in illinois , united states .
the name arzashkun is the assyrian form of an armenian name ending in -ka , which was formed from the proper name arzash , and is similar to the ancient name arsene , arsissa given to part of lake van .
out of 16,421 people in the national casting , she was chosen among the 15 people to be on the tv show .
its episodes aired on the abc network from september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
the latter device can then be created and used in not so strict environments .
gimnasia hired the well-known colombian trainer francisco maturana , and then julio césar falcioni , but they were not successful .
brighton is a city in washington county , iowa .
additionally , she appeared in many music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24 1979  the 750th anniversary of the village  , glinde became a town .
pauline came back in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 , and later mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , although the character is now labeled as " mario 's friend " .
the vagina is highly elastic and stretches to many times its normal size during vaginal birth .
his exact date of birth was never recorded , but it is thought to be a date between 1935 and 1939 .
this quantitative measure shows how much of a certain drug or other material  inhibitor  is needed to reduce a given biological process  or part of a process , e.g. an enzyme , cell , cell receptor or microorganism  by half .
though the name implies that they are in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern , parts of the bernese alps are in the neighboring cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
there he had one daughter , later called mary ann fisher power , to ann  e  power .
edward gorey said during an interview that bawden was one of his favorite artists , regretting that few people remembered or knew about this great artist .
the string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can create different notes , and each mode appears as a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable was nominated for an academy award when he acted as fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .
